Many are the hours in which I have pondered upon the story that is set
forth in the following pages. I trust that my instincts are not awry
when they prompt me to leave the account, in simplicity, as it was
handed to me.

And the MS. itself--You must picture me, when first it was given into my
care, turning it over, curiously, and making a swift, jerky examination.
A small book it is; but thick, and all, save the last few pages, filled
with a quaint but legible handwriting, and writ very close. I have the
queer, faint, pit-water smell of it in my nostrils now as I write, and
my fingers have subconscious memories of the soft, "cloggy" feel of the
long-damp pages.

I read, and, in reading, lifted the Curtains of the Impossible that
blind the mind, and looked out into the unknown. Amid stiff, abrupt
sentences I wandered; and, presently, I had no fault to charge against
their abrupt tellings; for, better far than my own ambitious phrasing,
is this mutilated story capable of bringing home all that the old
Recluse, of the vanished house, had striven to tell.

Of the simple, stiffly given account of weird and extraordinary matters,
I will say little. It lies before you. The inner story must be uncovered,
personally, by each reader, according to ability and desire. And even
should any fail to see, as now I see, the shadowed picture and conception
of that to which one may well give the accepted titles of Heaven and Hell;
yet can I promise certain thrills, merely taking the story as a story.

WILLIAM HOPE HODGSON December 17, 1907



_I_

THE FINDING OF THE MANUSCRIPT

Right away in the west of Ireland lies a tiny hamlet called Kraighten.
It is situated, alone, at the base of a low hill. Far around there
spreads a waste of bleak and totally inhospitable country; where, here
and there at great intervals, one may come upon the ruins of some long
desolate cottage--unthatched and stark. The whole land is bare and
unpeopled, the very earth scarcely covering the rock that lies beneath
it, and with which the country abounds, in places rising out of the soil
in wave-shaped ridges.

Yet, in spite of its desolation, my friend Tonnison and I had elected to
spend our vacation there. He had stumbled on the place by mere chance
the year previously, during the course of a long walking tour, and
discovered the possibilities for the angler in a small and unnamed river
that runs past the outskirts of the little village.

I have said that the river is without name; I may add that no map that I
have hitherto consulted has shown either village or stream. They seem
to have entirely escaped observation: indeed, they might never exist for
all that the average guide tells one. Possibly this can be partly
accounted for by the fact that the nearest railway station (Ardrahan) is
some forty miles distant.

It was early one warm evening when my friend and I arrived in Kraighten.
We had reached Ardrahan the previous night, sleeping there in rooms
hired at the village post office, and leaving in good time on the
following morning, clinging insecurely to one of the typical
jaunting cars.

It had taken us all day to accomplish our journey over some of the
roughest tracks imaginable, with the result that we were thoroughly
tired and somewhat bad tempered. However, the tent had to be erected and
our goods stowed away before we could think of food or rest. And so we
set to work, with the aid of our driver, and soon had the tent up upon a
small patch of ground just outside the little village, and quite near to
the river.

Then, having stored all our belongings, we dismissed the driver, as he
had to make his way back as speedily as possible, and told him to come
across to us at the end of a fortnight. We had brought sufficient
provisions to last us for that space of time, and water we could get
from the stream. Fuel we did not need, as we had included a small
oil-stove among our outfit, and the weather was fine and warm.

It was Tonnison's idea to camp out instead of getting lodgings in one of
the cottages. As he put it, there was no joke in sleeping in a room with
a numerous family of healthy Irish in one corner and the pigsty in the
other, while overhead a ragged colony of roosting fowls distributed
their blessings impartially, and the whole place so full of peat smoke
that it made a fellow sneeze his head off just to put it inside
the doorway.

Tonnison had got the stove lit now and was busy cutting slices of bacon
into the frying pan; so I took the kettle and walked down to the river
for water. On the way, I had to pass close to a little group of the
village people, who eyed me curiously, but not in any unfriendly manner,
though none of them ventured a word.

As I returned with my kettle filled, I went up to them and, after a
friendly nod, to which they replied in like manner, I asked them
casually about the fishing; but, instead of answering, they just shook
their heads silently, and stared at me. I repeated the question,
addressing more particularly a great, gaunt fellow at my elbow; yet
again I received no answer. Then the man turned to a comrade and said
something rapidly in a language that I did not understand; and, at once,
the whole crowd of them fell to jabbering in what, after a few moments,
I guessed to be pure Irish. At the same time they cast many glances in
my direction. For a minute, perhaps, they spoke among themselves thus;
then the man I had addressed faced 'round at me and said something. By
the expression of his face I guessed that he, in turn, was questioning
me; but now I had to shake my head, and indicate that I did not
comprehend what it was they wanted to know; and so we stood looking at
one another, until I heard Tonnison calling to me to hurry up with the
kettle. Then, with a smile and a nod, I left them, and all in the little
crowd smiled and nodded in return, though their faces still betrayed
their puzzlement.

It was evident, I reflected as I went toward the tent, that the
inhabitants of these few huts in the wilderness did not know a word of
English; and when I told Tonnison, he remarked that he was aware of the
fact, and, more, that it was not at all uncommon in that part of the
country, where the people often lived and died in their isolated hamlets
without ever coming in contact with the outside world.

"I wish we had got the driver to interpret for us before he left," I
remarked, as we sat down to our meal. "It seems so strange for the
people of this place not even to know what we've come for."

Tonnison grunted an assent, and thereafter was silent for a while.

Later, having satisfied our appetites somewhat, we began to talk, laying
our plans for the morrow; then, after a smoke, we closed the flap of the
tent, and prepared to turn in.

"I suppose there's no chance of those fellows outside taking anything?"
I asked, as we rolled ourselves in our blankets.

Tonnison said that he did not think so, at least while we were about;
and, as he went on to explain, we could lock up everything, except the
tent, in the big chest that we had brought to hold our provisions. I
agreed to this, and soon we were both asleep.

Next morning, early, we rose and went for a swim in the river; after
which we dressed and had breakfast. Then we roused out our fishing
tackle and overhauled it, by which time, our breakfasts having settled
somewhat, we made all secure within the tent and strode off in the
direction my friend had explored on his previous visit.

During the day we fished happily, working steadily upstream, and by
evening we had one of the prettiest creels of fish that I had seen for a
long while. Returning to the village, we made a good feed off our day's
spoil, after which, having selected a few of the finer fish for our
breakfast, we presented the remainder to the group of villagers who had
assembled at a respectful distance to watch our doings. They seemed
wonderfully grateful, and heaped mountains of what I presumed to be
Irish blessings upon our heads.

Thus we spent several days, having splendid sport, and first-rate
appetites to do justice upon our prey. We were pleased to find how
friendly the villagers were inclined to be, and that there was no
evidence of their having ventured to meddle with our belongings during
our absences.

It was on a Tuesday that we arrived in Kraighten, and it would be on the
Sunday following that we made a great discovery. Hitherto we had always
gone up-stream; on that day, however, we laid aside our rods, and,
taking some provisions, set off for a long ramble in the opposite
direction. The day was warm, and we trudged along leisurely enough,
stopping about mid-day to eat our lunch upon a great flat rock near the
riverbank. Afterward we sat and smoked awhile, resuming our walk only
when we were tired of inaction.

For perhaps another hour we wandered onward, chatting quietly and
comfortably on this and that matter, and on several occasions stopping
while my companion--who is something of an artist--made rough sketches
of striking bits of the wild scenery.

And then, without any warning whatsoever, the river we had followed so
confidently, came to an abrupt end--vanishing into the earth.

"Good Lord!" I said, "who ever would have thought of this?"

And I stared in amazement; then I turned to Tonnison. He was looking,
with a blank expression upon his face, at the place where the river
disappeared.

In a moment he spoke.

"Let us go on a bit; it may reappear again--anyhow, it is worth
investigating."

I agreed, and we went forward once more, though rather aimlessly; for we
were not at all certain in which direction to prosecute our search. For
perhaps a mile we moved onward; then Tonnison, who had been gazing about
curiously, stopped and shaded his eyes.

"See!" he said, after a moment, "isn't that mist or something, over
there to the right--away in a line with that great piece of rock?" And
he indicated with his hand.

I stared, and, after a minute, seemed to see something, but could not be
certain, and said so.

"Anyway," my friend replied, "we'll just go across and have a glance."
And he started off in the direction he had suggested, I following.
Presently, we came among bushes, and, after a time, out upon the top of
a high, boulder-strewn bank, from which we looked down into a wilderness
of bushes and trees.

"Seems as though we had come upon an oasis in this desert of stone,"
muttered Tonnison, as he gazed interestedly. Then he was silent, his
eyes fixed; and I looked also; for up from somewhere about the center of
the wooded lowland there rose high into the quiet air a great column of
hazelike spray, upon which the sun shone, causing innumerable rainbows.

"How beautiful!" I exclaimed.

"Yes," answered Tonnison, thoughtfully. "There must be a waterfall, or
something, over there. Perhaps it's our river come to light again. Let's
go and see."

Down the sloping bank we made our way, and entered among the trees and
shrubberies. The bushes were matted, and the trees overhung us, so that
the place was disagreeably gloomy; though not dark enough to hide from
me the fact that many of the trees were fruit trees, and that, here and
there, one could trace indistinctly, signs of a long departed
cultivation. Thus it came to me that we were making our way through the
riot of a great and ancient garden. I said as much to Tonnison, and he
agreed that there certainly seemed reasonable grounds for my belief.

What a wild place it was, so dismal and somber! Somehow, as we went
forward, a sense of the silent loneliness and desertion of the old
garden grew upon me, and I felt shivery. One could imagine things
lurking among the tangled bushes; while, in the very air of the place,
there seemed something uncanny. I think Tonnison was conscious of this
also, though he said nothing.

Suddenly, we came to a halt. Through the trees there had grown upon our
ears a distant sound. Tonnison bent forward, listening. I could hear it
more plainly now; it was continuous and harsh--a sort of droning roar,
seeming to come from far away. I experienced a queer, indescribable,
little feeling of nervousness. What sort of place was it into which we
had got? I looked at my companion, to see what he thought of the matter;
and noted that there was only puzzlement in his face; and then, as I
watched his features, an expression of comprehension crept over them,
and he nodded his head.

"That's a waterfall," he exclaimed, with conviction. "I know the sound
now." And he began to push vigorously through the bushes, in the
direction of the noise.

As we went forward, the sound became plainer continually, showing that
we were heading straight toward it. Steadily, the roaring grew louder
and nearer, until it appeared, as I remarked to Tonnison, almost to come
from under our feet--and still we were surrounded by the trees
and shrubs.

"Take care!" Tonnison called to me. "Look where you're going." And then,
suddenly, we came out from among the trees, on to a great open space,
where, not six paces in front of us, yawned the mouth of a tremendous
chasm, from the depths of which the noise appeared to rise, along with
the continuous, mistlike spray that we had witnessed from the top of the
distant bank.

For quite a minute we stood in silence, staring in bewilderment at the
sight; then my friend went forward cautiously to the edge of the abyss.
I followed, and, together, we looked down through a boil of spray at a
monster cataract of frothing water that burst, spouting, from the side
of the chasm, nearly a hundred feet below.

"Good Lord!" said Tonnison.

I was silent, and rather awed. The sight was so unexpectedly grand and
eerie; though this latter quality came more upon me later.

Presently, I looked up and across to the further side of the chasm.
There, I saw something towering up among the spray: it looked like a
fragment of a great ruin, and I touched Tonnison on the shoulder. He
glanced 'round, with a start, and I pointed toward the thing. His gaze
followed my finger, and his eyes lighted up with a sudden flash of
excitement, as the object came within his field of view.

"Come along," he shouted above the uproar. "We'll have a look at it.
There's something queer about this place; I feel it in my bones." And he
started off, 'round the edge of the craterlike abyss. As we neared this
new thing, I saw that I had not been mistaken in my first impression. It
was undoubtedly a portion of some ruined building; yet now I made out
that it was not built upon the edge of the chasm itself, as I had at
first supposed; but perched almost at the extreme end of a huge spur of
rock that jutted out some fifty or sixty feet over the abyss. In fact,
the jagged mass of ruin was literally suspended in midair.

Arriving opposite it, we walked out on to the projecting arm of rock,
and I must confess to having felt an intolerable sense of terror as I
looked down from that dizzy perch into the unknown depths below us--into
the deeps from which there rose ever the thunder of the falling water
and the shroud of rising spray.

Reaching the ruin, we clambered 'round it cautiously, and, on the
further side, came upon a mass of fallen stones and rubble. The ruin
itself seemed to me, as I proceeded now to examine it minutely, to be a
portion of the outer wall of some prodigious structure, it was so thick
and substantially built; yet what it was doing in such a position I
could by no means conjecture. Where was the rest of the house, or
castle, or whatever there had been?

I went back to the outer side of the wall, and thence to the edge of the
chasm, leaving Tonnison rooting systematically among the heap of stones
and rubbish on the outer side. Then I commenced to examine the surface
of the ground, near the edge of the abyss, to see whether there were not
left other remnants of the building to which the fragment of ruin
evidently belonged. But though I scrutinized the earth with the greatest
care, I could see no signs of anything to show that there had ever been
a building erected on the spot, and I grew more puzzled than ever.

Then, I heard a cry from Tonnison; he was shouting my name, excitedly,
and without delay I hurried along the rocky promontory to the ruin. I
wondered whether he had hurt himself, and then the thought came, that
perhaps he had found something.

I reached the crumbled wall and climbed 'round. There I found Tonnison
standing within a small excavation that he had made among the _debris_:
he was brushing the dirt from something that looked like a book, much
crumpled and dilapidated; and opening his mouth, every second or two, to
bellow my name. As soon as he saw that I had come, he handed his prize
to me, telling me to put it into my satchel so as to protect it from the
damp, while he continued his explorations. This I did, first, however,
running the pages through my fingers, and noting that they were closely
filled with neat, old-fashioned writing which was quite legible, save in
one portion, where many of the pages were almost destroyed, being
muddied and crumpled, as though the book had been doubled back at that
part. This, I found out from Tonnison, was actually as he had discovered
it, and the damage was due, probably, to the fall of masonry upon the
opened part. Curiously enough, the book was fairly dry, which I
attributed to its having been so securely buried among the ruins.

Having put the volume away safely, I turned-to and gave Tonnison a hand
with his self-imposed task of excavating; yet, though we put in over an
hour's hard work, turning over the whole of the upheaped stones and
rubbish, we came upon nothing more than some fragments of broken wood,
that might have been parts of a desk or table; and so we gave up
searching, and went back along the rock, once more to the safety of
the land.

The next thing we did was to make a complete tour of the tremendous
chasm, which we were able to observe was in the form of an almost
perfect circle, save for where the ruin-crowned spur of rock jutted out,
spoiling its symmetry.

The abyss was, as Tonnison put it, like nothing so much as a gigantic
well or pit going sheer down into the bowels of the earth.

For some time longer, we continued to stare about us, and then, noticing
that there was a clear space away to the north of the chasm, we bent our
steps in that direction.

Here, distant from the mouth of the mighty pit by some hundreds of
yards, we came upon a great lake of silent water--silent, that is, save
in one place where there was a continuous bubbling and gurgling.

Now, being away from the noise of the spouting cataract, we were able to
hear one another speak, without having to shout at the tops of our
voices, and I asked Tonnison what he thought of the place--I told him
that I didn't like it, and that the sooner we were out of it the better
I should be pleased.

He nodded in reply, and glanced at the woods behind furtively. I asked
him if he had seen or heard anything. He made no answer; but stood
silent, as though listening, and I kept quiet also.

Suddenly, he spoke.

"Hark!" he said, sharply. I looked at him, and then away among the trees
and bushes, holding my breath involuntarily. A minute came and went in
strained silence; yet I could hear nothing, and I turned to Tonnison to
say as much; and then, even as I opened my lips to speak, there came a
strange wailing noise out of the wood on our left.... It appeared to
float through the trees, and there was a rustle of stirring leaves, and
then silence.

All at once, Tonnison spoke, and put his hand on my shoulder. "Let us
get out of here," he said, and began to move slowly toward where the
surrounding trees and bushes seemed thinnest. As I followed him, it came
to me suddenly that the sun was low, and that there was a raw sense of
chilliness in the air.

Tonnison said nothing further, but kept on steadily. We were among the
trees now, and I glanced around, nervously; but saw nothing, save the
quiet branches and trunks and the tangled bushes. Onward we went, and no
sound broke the silence, except the occasional snapping of a twig under
our feet, as we moved forward. Yet, in spite of the quietness, I had a
horrible feeling that we were not alone; and I kept so close to Tonnison
that twice I kicked his heels clumsily, though he said nothing. A
minute, and then another, and we reached the confines of the wood coming
out at last upon the bare rockiness of the countryside. Only then was I
able to shake off the haunting dread that had followed me among
the trees.

Once, as we moved away, there seemed to come again a distant sound of
wailing, and I said to myself that it was the wind--yet the evening was
breathless.

Presently, Tonnison began to talk.

"Look you," he said with decision, "I would not spend the night in
_that_ place for all the wealth that the world holds. There is something
unholy--diabolical--about it. It came to me all in a moment, just after
you spoke. It seemed to me that the woods were full of vile
things--you know!"

"Yes," I answered, and looked back toward the place; but it was hidden
from us by a rise in the ground.

"There's the book," I said, and I put my hand into the satchel.

"You've got it safely?" he questioned, with a sudden access of anxiety.

"Yes," I replied.

"Perhaps," he continued, "we shall learn something from it when we get
back to the tent. We had better hurry, too; we're a long way off still,
and I don't fancy, now, being caught out here in the dark."

It was two hours later when we reached the tent; and, without delay, we
set to work to prepare a meal; for we had eaten nothing since our lunch
at midday.

Supper over, we cleared the things out of the way, and lit our pipes.
Then Tonnison asked me to get the manuscript out of my satchel. This I
did, and then, as we could not both read from it at the same time, he
suggested that I should read the thing out loud. "And mind," he
cautioned, knowing my propensities, "don't go skipping half the book."

Yet, had he but known what it contained, he would have realized how
needless such advice was, for once at least. And there seated in the
opening of our little tent, I began the strange tale of _The House on
the Borderland_ (for such was the title of the MS.); this is told in the
following pages.



_II_

THE PLAIN OF SILENCE

I am an old man. I live here in this ancient house, surrounded by huge,
unkempt gardens.

The peasantry, who inhabit the wilderness beyond, say that I am mad.
That is because I will have nothing to do with them. I live here alone
with my old sister, who is also my housekeeper. We keep no servants--I
hate them. I have one friend, a dog; yes, I would sooner have old Pepper
than the rest of Creation together. He, at least, understands me--and
has sense enough to leave me alone when I am in my dark moods.

I have decided to start a kind of diary; it may enable me to record
some of the thoughts and feelings that I cannot express to anyone; but,
beyond this, I am anxious to make some record of the strange things that
I have heard and seen, during many years of loneliness, in this weird
old building.

For a couple of centuries, this house has had a reputation, a bad one,
and, until I bought it, for more than eighty years no one had lived
here; consequently, I got the old place at a ridiculously low figure.

I am not superstitious; but I have ceased to deny that things happen
in this old house--things that I cannot explain; and, therefore, I must
needs ease my mind, by writing down an account of them, to the best of
my ability; though, should this, my diary, ever be read when I am gone,
the readers will but shake their heads, and be the more convinced that
I was mad.

This house, how ancient it is! though its age strikes one less,
perhaps, than the quaintness of its structure, which is curious and
fantastic to the last degree. Little curved towers and pinnacles, with
outlines suggestive of leaping flames, predominate; while the body of
the building is in the form of a circle.

I have heard that there is an old story, told amongst the country
people, to the effect that the devil built the place. However, that is
as may be. True or not, I neither know nor care, save as it may have
helped to cheapen it, ere I came.

I must have been here some ten years before I saw sufficient to warrant
any belief in the stories, current in the neighborhood, about this
house. It is true that I had, on at least a dozen occasions, seen,
vaguely, things that puzzled me, and, perhaps, had felt more than I had
seen. Then, as the years passed, bringing age upon me, I became often
aware of something unseen, yet unmistakably present, in the empty rooms
and corridors. Still, it was as I have said many years before I saw any
real manifestations of the so-called supernatural.

It was not Halloween. If I were telling a story for amusement's sake, I
should probably place it on that night of nights; but this is a true
record of my own experiences, and I would not put pen to paper to amuse
anyone. No. It was after midnight on the morning of the twenty-first day
of January. I was sitting reading, as is often my custom, in my study.
Pepper lay, sleeping, near my chair.

Without warning, the flames of the two candles went low, and then
shone with a ghastly green effulgence. I looked up, quickly, and as I
did so I saw the lights sink into a dull, ruddy tint; so that the room
glowed with a strange, heavy, crimson twilight that gave the shadows
behind the chairs and tables a double depth of blackness; and wherever
the light struck, it was as though luminous blood had been splashed
over the room.

Down on the floor, I heard a faint, frightened whimper, and something
pressed itself in between my two feet. It was Pepper, cowering under my
dressing gown. Pepper, usually as brave as a lion!

It was this movement of the dog's, I think, that gave me the first
twinge of _real_ fear. I had been considerably startled when the lights
burnt first green and then red; but had been momentarily under the
impression that the change was due to some influx of noxious gas into
the room. Now, however, I saw that it was not so; for the candles burned
with a steady flame, and showed no signs of going out, as would have
been the case had the change been due to fumes in the atmosphere.

I did not move. I felt distinctly frightened; but could think of
nothing better to do than wait. For perhaps a minute, I kept my glance
about the room, nervously. Then I noticed that the lights had commenced
to sink, very slowly; until presently they showed minute specks of red
fire, like the gleamings of rubies in the darkness. Still, I sat
watching; while a sort of dreamy indifference seemed to steal over me;
banishing altogether the fear that had begun to grip me.

Away in the far end of the huge old-fashioned room, I became conscious
of a faint glow. Steadily it grew, filling the room with gleams of
quivering green light; then they sank quickly, and changed--even as the
candle flames had done--into a deep, somber crimson that strengthened,
and lit up the room with a flood of awful glory.

The light came from the end wall, and grew ever brighter until its
intolerable glare caused my eyes acute pain, and involuntarily I closed
them. It may have been a few seconds before I was able to open them. The
first thing I noticed was that the light had decreased, greatly; so that
it no longer tried my eyes. Then, as it grew still duller, I was aware,
all at once, that, instead of looking at the redness, I was staring
through it, and through the wall beyond.

Gradually, as I became more accustomed to the idea, I realized that I
was looking out on to a vast plain, lit with the same gloomy twilight
that pervaded the room. The immensity of this plain scarcely can be
conceived. In no part could I perceive its confines. It seemed to
broaden and spread out, so that the eye failed to perceive any
limitations. Slowly, the details of the nearer portions began to grow
clear; then, in a moment almost, the light died away, and the vision--if
vision it were--faded and was gone.

Suddenly, I became conscious that I was no longer in the chair.
Instead, I seemed to be hovering above it, and looking down at a dim
something, huddled and silent. In a little while, a cold blast struck
me, and I was outside in the night, floating, like a bubble, up through
the darkness. As I moved, an icy coldness seemed to enfold me, so that
I shivered.

After a time, I looked to right and left, and saw the intolerable
blackness of the night, pierced by remote gleams of fire. Onward,
outward, I drove. Once, I glanced behind, and saw the earth, a small
crescent of blue light, receding away to my left. Further off, the sun,
a splash of white flame, burned vividly against the dark.

An indefinite period passed. Then, for the last time, I saw the
earth--an enduring globule of radiant blue, swimming in an eternity of
ether. And there I, a fragile flake of soul dust, flickered silently
across the void, from the distant blue, into the expanse of the unknown.

A great while seemed to pass over me, and now I could nowhere see
anything. I had passed beyond the fixed stars and plunged into the huge
blackness that waits beyond. All this time I had experienced little,
save a sense of lightness and cold discomfort. Now however the atrocious
darkness seemed to creep into my soul, and I became filled with fear and
despair. What was going to become of me? Where was I going? Even as the
thoughts were formed, there grew against the impalpable blackness that
wrapped me a faint tinge of blood. It seemed extraordinarily remote, and
mistlike; yet, at once, the feeling of oppression was lightened, and I
no longer despaired.

Slowly, the distant redness became plainer and larger; until, as I drew
nearer, it spread out into a great, somber glare--dull and tremendous.
Still, I fled onward, and, presently, I had come so close, that it
seemed to stretch beneath me, like a great ocean of somber red. I could
see little, save that it appeared to spread out interminably in all
directions.

In a further space, I found that I was descending upon it; and, soon, I
sank into a great sea of sullen, red-hued clouds. Slowly, I emerged from
these, and there, below me, I saw the stupendous plain that I had seen
from my room in this house that stands upon the borders of the Silences.

Presently, I landed, and stood, surrounded by a great waste of
loneliness. The place was lit with a gloomy twilight that gave an
impression of indescribable desolation.

Afar to my right, within the sky, there burnt a gigantic ring of
dull-red fire, from the outer edge of which were projected huge,
writhing flames, darted and jagged. The interior of this ring was
black, black as the gloom of the outer night. I comprehended, at once,
that it was from this extraordinary sun that the place derived its
doleful light.

From that strange source of light, I glanced down again to my
surroundings. Everywhere I looked, I saw nothing but the same flat
weariness of interminable plain. Nowhere could I descry any signs of
life; not even the ruins of some ancient habitation.

Gradually, I found that I was being borne forward, floating across the
flat waste. For what seemed an eternity, I moved onward. I was unaware
of any great sense of impatience; though some curiosity and a vast
wonder were with me continually. Always, I saw around me the breadth of
that enormous plain; and, always, I searched for some new thing to break
its monotony; but there was no change--only loneliness, silence,
and desert.

Presently, in a half-conscious manner, I noticed that there was a faint
mistiness, ruddy in hue, lying over its surface. Still, when I looked
more intently, I was unable to say that it was really mist; for it
appeared to blend with the plain, giving it a peculiar unrealness, and
conveying to the senses the idea of unsubstantiality.

Gradually, I began to weary with the sameness of the thing. Yet, it was
a great time before I perceived any signs of the place, toward which I
was being conveyed.

"At first, I saw it, far ahead, like a long hillock on the surface of
the Plain. Then, as I drew nearer, I perceived that I had been mistaken;
for, instead of a low hill, I made out, now, a chain of great mountains,
whose distant peaks towered up into the red gloom, until they were
almost lost to sight."



_III_

THE HOUSE IN THE ARENA

And so, after a time, I came to the mountains. Then, the course of my
journey was altered, and I began to move along their bases, until, all
at once, I saw that I had come opposite to a vast rift, opening into the
mountains. Through this, I was borne, moving at no great speed. On
either side of me, huge, scarped walls of rocklike substance rose sheer.
Far overhead, I discerned a thin ribbon of red, where the mouth of the
chasm opened, among inaccessible peaks. Within, was gloom, deep and
somber, and chilly silence. For a while, I went onward steadily, and
then, at last, I saw, ahead, a deep, red glow, that told me I was near
upon the further opening of the gorge.

A minute came and went, and I was at the exit of the chasm, staring out
upon an enormous amphitheatre of mountains. Yet, of the mountains, and
the terrible grandeur of the place, I recked nothing; for I was
confounded with amazement to behold, at a distance of several miles and
occupying the center of the arena, a stupendous structure built
apparently of green jade. Yet, in itself, it was not the discovery of
the building that had so astonished me; but the fact, which became every
moment more apparent, that in no particular, save in color and its
enormous size, did the lonely structure vary from this house in which
I live.

For a while, I continued to stare, fixedly. Even then, I could scarcely
believe that I saw aright. In my mind, a question formed, reiterating
incessantly: 'What does it mean?' 'What does it mean?' and I was unable
to make answer, even out of the depths of my imagination. I seemed
capable only of wonder and fear. For a time longer, I gazed, noting
continually some fresh point of resemblance that attracted me. At last,
wearied and sorely puzzled, I turned from it, to view the rest of the
strange place on to which I had intruded.

Hitherto, I had been so engrossed in my scrutiny of the House, that I
had given only a cursory glance 'round. Now, as I looked, I began to
realize upon what sort of a place I had come. The arena, for so I have
termed it, appeared a perfect circle of about ten to twelve miles in
diameter, the House, as I have mentioned before, standing in the center.
The surface of the place, like to that of the Plain, had a peculiar,
misty appearance, that was yet not mist.

From a rapid survey, my glance passed quickly upward along the <DW72>s
of the circling mountains. How silent they were. I think that this same
abominable stillness was more trying to me than anything that I had so
far seen or imagined. I was looking up, now, at the great crags,
towering so loftily. Up there, the impalpable redness gave a blurred
appearance to everything.

And then, as I peered, curiously, a new terror came to me; for away up
among the dim peaks to my right, I had descried a vast shape of
blackness, giantlike. It grew upon my sight. It had an enormous equine
head, with gigantic ears, and seemed to peer steadfastly down into the
arena. There was that about the pose that gave me the impression of an
eternal watchfulness--of having warded that dismal place, through
unknown eternities. Slowly, the monster became plainer to me; and then,
suddenly, my gaze sprang from it to something further off and higher
among the crags. For a long minute, I gazed, fearfully. I was strangely
conscious of something not altogether unfamiliar--as though something
stirred in the back of my mind. The thing was black, and had four
grotesque arms. The features showed indistinctly, 'round the neck, I
made out several light- objects. Slowly, the details came to me,
and I realized, coldly, that they were skulls. Further down the body was
another circling belt, showing less dark against the black trunk. Then,
even as I puzzled to know what the thing was, a memory slid into my
mind, and straightway, I knew that I was looking at a monstrous
representation of Kali, the Hindu goddess of death.

Other remembrances of my old student days drifted into my thoughts. My
glance fell back upon the huge beast-headed Thing. Simultaneously, I
recognized it for the ancient Egyptian god Set, or Seth, the Destroyer
of Souls. With the knowledge, there came a great sweep of
questioning--'Two of the--!' I stopped, and endeavored to think. Things
beyond my imagination peered into my frightened mind. I saw, obscurely.
'The old gods of mythology!' I tried to comprehend to what it was all
pointing. My gaze dwelt, flickeringly, between the two. 'If--'

An idea came swiftly, and I turned, and glanced rapidly upward,
searching the gloomy crags, away to my left. Something loomed out under
a great peak, a shape of greyness. I wondered I had not seen it earlier,
and then remembered I had not yet viewed that portion. I saw it more
plainly now. It was, as I have said, grey. It had a tremendous head; but
no eyes. That part of its face was blank.

Now, I saw that there were other things up among the mountains. Further
off, reclining on a lofty ledge, I made out a livid mass, irregular and
ghoulish. It seemed without form, save for an unclean, half-animal face,
that looked out, vilely, from somewhere about its middle. And then I saw
others--there were hundreds of them. They seemed to grow out of the
shadows. Several I recognized almost immediately as mythological
deities; others were strange to me, utterly strange, beyond the power of
a human mind to conceive.

On each side, I looked, and saw more, continually. The mountains were
full of strange things--Beast-gods, and Horrors so atrocious and bestial
that possibility and decency deny any further attempt to describe them.
And I--I was filled with a terrible sense of overwhelming horror and
fear and repugnance; yet, spite of these, I wondered exceedingly. Was
there then, after all, something in the old heathen worship, something
more than the mere deifying of men, animals, and elements? The thought
gripped me--was there?

Later, a question repeated itself. What were they, those Beast-gods,
and the others? At first, they had appeared to me just sculptured
Monsters placed indiscriminately among the inaccessible peaks and
precipices of the surrounding mountains. Now, as I scrutinized them with
greater intentness, my mind began to reach out to fresh conclusions.
There was something about them, an indescribable sort of silent vitality
that suggested, to my broadening consciousness, a state of
life-in-death--a something that was by no means life, as we understand
it; but rather an inhuman form of existence, that well might be likened
to a deathless trance--a condition in which it was possible to imagine
their continuing, eternally. 'Immortal!' the word rose in my thoughts
unbidden; and, straightway, I grew to wondering whether this might be
the immortality of the gods.

And then, in the midst of my wondering and musing, something happened.
Until then, I had been staying just within the shadow of the exit of the
great rift. Now, without volition on my part, I drifted out of the
semi-darkness and began to move slowly across the arena--toward the
House. At this, I gave up all thoughts of those prodigious Shapes above
me--and could only stare, frightenedly, at the tremendous structure
toward which I was being conveyed so remorselessly. Yet, though I
searched earnestly, I could discover nothing that I had not already
seen, and so became gradually calmer.

Presently, I had reached a point more than halfway between the House
and the gorge. All around was spread the stark loneliness of the place,
and the unbroken silence. Steadily, I neared the great building. Then,
all at once, something caught my vision, something that came 'round one
of the huge buttresses of the House, and so into full view. It was a
gigantic thing, and moved with a curious lope, going almost upright,
after the manner of a man. It was quite unclothed, and had a remarkable
luminous appearance. Yet it was the face that attracted and frightened
me the most. It was the face of a swine.

Silently, intently, I watched this horrible creature, and forgot my
fear, momentarily, in my interest in its movements. It was making its
way, cumbrously 'round the building, stopping as it came to each window
to peer in and shake at the bars, with which--as in this house--they
were protected; and whenever it came to a door, it would push at it,
fingering the fastening stealthily. Evidently, it was searching for an
ingress into the House.

I had come now to within less than a quarter of a mile of the great
structure, and still I was compelled forward. Abruptly, the Thing turned
and gazed hideously in my direction. It opened its mouth, and, for the
first time, the stillness of that abominable place was broken, by a
deep, booming note that sent an added thrill of apprehension through me.
Then, immediately, I became aware that it was coming toward me, swiftly
and silently. In an instant, it had covered half the distance that lay
between. And still, I was borne helplessly to meet it. Only a hundred
yards, and the brutish ferocity of the giant face numbed me with a
feeling of unmitigated horror. I could have screamed, in the supremeness
of my fear; and then, in the very moment of my extremity and despair, I
became conscious that I was looking down upon the arena, from a rapidly
increasing height. I was rising, rising. In an inconceivably short
while, I had reached an altitude of many hundred feet. Beneath me, the
spot that I had just left, was occupied by the foul Swine-creature. It
had gone down on all fours and was snuffing and rooting, like a
veritable hog, at the surface of the arena. A moment and it rose to its
feet, clutching upward, with an expression of desire upon its face such
as I have never seen in this world.

Continually, I mounted higher. A few minutes, it seemed, and I had
risen above the great mountains--floating, alone, afar in the redness.
At a tremendous distance below, the arena showed, dimly; with the mighty
House looking no larger than a tiny spot of green. The Swine-thing was
no longer visible.

Presently, I passed over the mountains, out above the huge breadth of
the plain. Far away, on its surface, in the direction of the ring-shaped
sun, there showed a confused blur. I looked toward it, indifferently. It
reminded me, somewhat, of the first glimpse I had caught of the
mountain-amphitheatre.

With a sense of weariness, I glanced upward at the immense ring of
fire. What a strange thing it was! Then, as I stared, out from the dark
center, there spurted a sudden flare of extraordinary vivid fire.
Compared with the size of the black center, it was as naught; yet, in
itself, stupendous. With awakened interest, I watched it carefully,
noting its strange boiling and glowing. Then, in a moment, the whole
thing grew dim and unreal, and so passed out of sight. Much amazed, I
glanced down to the Plain from which I was still rising. Thus, I
received a fresh surprise. The Plain--everything had vanished, and only
a sea of red mist was spread far below me. Gradually as I stared this
grew remote, and died away into a dim far mystery of red against an
unfathomable night. A while, and even this had gone, and I was wrapped
in an impalpable, lightless gloom.



_IV_

THE EARTH

Thus I was, and only the memory that I had lived through the dark, once
before, served to sustain my thoughts. A great time passed--ages. And
then a single star broke its way through the darkness. It was the first
of one of the outlying clusters of this universe. Presently, it was far
behind, and all about me shone the splendor of the countless stars.
Later, years it seemed, I saw the sun, a clot of flame. Around it, I
made out presently several remote specks of light--the planets of the
Solar system. And so I saw the earth again, blue and unbelievably
minute. It grew larger, and became defined.

A long space of time came and went, and then at last I entered into the
shadow of the world--plunging headlong into the dim and holy earth
night. Overhead were the old constellations, and there was a crescent
moon. Then, as I neared the earth's surface, a dimness swept over me,
and I appeared to sink into a black mist.

For a while, I knew nothing. I was unconscious. Gradually, I became
aware of a faint, distant whining. It became plainer. A desperate
feeling of agony possessed me. I struggled madly for breath, and tried
to shout. A moment, and I got my breath more easily. I was conscious
that something was licking my hand. Something damp swept across my face.
I heard a panting, and then again the whining. It seemed to come to my
ears, now, with a sense of familiarity, and I opened my eyes. All was
dark; but the feeling of oppression had left me. I was seated, and
something was whining piteously, and licking me. I felt strangely
confused, and, instinctively, tried to ward off the thing that licked.
My head was curiously vacant, and, for the moment, I seemed incapable of
action or thought. Then, things came back to me, and I called 'Pepper,'
faintly. I was answered by a joyful bark, and renewed and
frantic caresses.

In a little while, I felt stronger, and put out my hand for the
matches. I groped about, for a few moments, blindly; then my hands lit
upon them, and I struck a light, and looked confusedly around. All about
me, I saw the old, familiar things. And there I sat, full of dazed
wonders, until the flame of the match burnt my finger, and I dropped it;
while a hasty expression of pain and anger, escaped my lips, surprising
me with the sound of my own voice.

After a moment, I struck another match, and, stumbling across the room,
lit the candles. As I did so, I observed that they had not burned away,
but had been put out.

As the flames shot up, I turned, and stared about the study; yet there
was nothing unusual to see; and, suddenly, a gust of irritation took me.
What had happened? I held my head, with both hands, and tried to
remember. Ah! the great, silent Plain, and the ring-shaped sun of red
fire. Where were they? Where had I seen them? How long ago? I felt dazed
and muddled. Once or twice, I walked up and down the room, unsteadily.
My memory seemed dulled, and, already, the thing I had witnessed came
back to me with an effort.

I have a remembrance of cursing, peevishly, in my bewilderment.
Suddenly, I turned faint and giddy, and had to grasp at the table for
support. During a few moments, I held on, weakly; and then managed to
totter sideways into a chair. After a little time, I felt somewhat
better, and succeeded in reaching the cupboard where, usually, I keep
brandy and biscuits. I poured myself out a little of the stimulant, and
drank it off. Then, taking a handful of biscuits, I returned to my
chair, and began to devour them, ravenously. I was vaguely surprised at
my hunger. I felt as though I had eaten nothing for an uncountably
long while.

As I ate, my glance roved about the room, taking in its various
details, and still searching, though almost unconsciously, for something
tangible upon which to take hold, among the invisible mysteries that
encompassed me. 'Surely,' I thought, 'there must be something--' And, in
the same instant, my gaze dwelt upon the face of the clock in the
opposite corner. Therewith, I stopped eating, and just stared. For,
though its ticking indicated most certainly that it was still going, the
hands were pointing to a little _before_ the hour of midnight; whereas
it was, as well I knew, considerably _after_ that time when I had
witnessed the first of the strange happenings I have just described.

For perhaps a moment I was astounded and puzzled. Had the hour been the
same as when I had last seen the clock, I should have concluded that the
hands had stuck in one place, while the internal mechanism went on as
usual; but that would, in no way, account for the hands having traveled
backward. Then, even as I turned the matter over in my wearied brain,
the thought flashed upon me that it was now close upon the morning of
the twenty-second, and that I had been unconscious to the visible world
through the greater portion of the last twenty-four hours. The thought
occupied my attention for a full minute; then I commenced to eat again.
I was still very hungry.

During breakfast, next morning, I inquired casually of my sister
regarding the date, and found my surmise correct. I had, indeed, been
absent--at least in spirit--for nearly a day and a night.

My sister asked me no questions; for it is not by any means the first
time that I have kept to my study for a whole day, and sometimes a
couple of days at a time, when I have been particularly engrossed in my
books or work.

And so the days pass on, and I am still filled with a wonder to know
the meaning of all that I saw on that memorable night. Yet, well I know
that my curiosity is little likely to be satisfied.



_V_

THE THING IN THE PIT

This house is, as I have said before, surrounded by a huge estate, and
wild and uncultivated gardens.

Away at the back, distant some three hundred yards, is a dark, deep
ravine--spoken of as the 'Pit,' by the peasantry. At the bottom runs a
sluggish stream so overhung by trees as scarcely to be seen from above.

In passing, I must explain that this river has a subterranean origin,
emerging suddenly at the East end of the ravine, and disappearing, as
abruptly, beneath the cliffs that form its Western extremity.

It was some months after my vision (if vision it were) of the great
Plain that my attention was particularly attracted to the Pit.

I happened, one day, to be walking along its Southern edge, when,
suddenly, several pieces of rock and shale were dislodged from the face
of the cliff immediately beneath me, and fell with a sullen crash
through the trees. I heard them splash in the river at the bottom; and
then silence. I should not have given this incident more than a passing
thought, had not Pepper at once begun to bark savagely; nor would he be
silent when I bade him, which is most unusual behavior on his part.

Feeling that there must be someone or something in the Pit, I went back
to the house, quickly, for a stick. When I returned, Pepper had ceased
his barks and was growling and smelling, uneasily, along the top.

Whistling to him to follow me, I started to descend cautiously. The
depth to the bottom of the Pit must be about a hundred and fifty feet,
and some time as well as considerable care was expended before we
reached the bottom in safety.

Once down, Pepper and I started to explore along the banks of the
river. It was very dark there due to the overhanging trees, and I moved
warily, keeping my glance about me and my stick ready.

Pepper was quiet now and kept close to me all the time. Thus, we
searched right up one side of the river, without hearing or seeing
anything. Then, we crossed over--by the simple method of jumping--and
commenced to beat our way back through the underbrush.

We had accomplished perhaps half the distance, when I heard again the
sound of falling stones on the other side--the side from which we had
just come. One large rock came thundering down through the treetops,
struck the opposite bank, and bounded into the river, driving a great
jet of water right over us. At this, Pepper gave out a deep growl; then
stopped, and pricked up his ears. I listened, also.

A second later, a loud, half-human, half-piglike squeal sounded from
among the trees, apparently about halfway up the South cliff. It was
answered by a similar note from the bottom of the Pit. At this, Pepper
gave a short, sharp bark, and, springing across the little river,
disappeared into the bushes.

Immediately afterward, I heard his barks increase in depth and number,
and in between there sounded a noise of confused jabbering. This ceased,
and, in the succeeding silence, there rose a semi-human yell of agony.
Almost immediately, Pepper gave a long-drawn howl of pain, and then the
shrubs were violently agitated, and he came running out with his tail
down, and glancing as he ran over his shoulder. As he reached me, I saw
that he was bleeding from what appeared to be a great claw wound in the
side that had almost laid bare his ribs.

Seeing Pepper thus mutilated, a furious feeling of anger seized me,
and, whirling my staff, I sprang across, and into the bushes from which
Pepper had emerged. As I forced my way through, I thought I heard a
sound of breathing. Next instant, I had burst into a little clear space,
just in time to see something, livid white in color, disappear among the
bushes on the opposite side. With a shout, I ran toward it; but, though
I struck and probed among the bushes with my stick, I neither saw nor
heard anything further; and so returned to Pepper. There, after bathing
his wound in the river, I bound my wetted handkerchief 'round his body;
having done which, we retreated up the ravine and into the
daylight again.

On reaching the house, my sister inquired what had happened to Pepper,
and I told her he had been fighting with a wildcat, of which I had heard
there were several about.

I felt it would be better not to tell her how it had really happened;
though, to be sure, I scarcely knew myself; but this I did know, that
the thing I had seen run into the bushes was no wildcat. It was much too
big, and had, so far as I had observed, a skin like a hog's, only of a
dead, unhealthy white color. And then--it had run upright, or nearly so,
upon its hind feet, with a motion somewhat resembling that of a human
being. This much I had noticed in my brief glimpse, and, truth to tell,
I felt a good deal of uneasiness, besides curiosity as I turned the
matter over in my mind.

It was in the morning that the above incident had occurred.

Then, it would be after dinner, as I sat reading, that, happening to
look up suddenly, I saw something peering in over the window ledge the
eyes and ears alone showing.

'A pig, by Jove!' I said, and rose to my feet. Thus, I saw the thing
more completely; but it was no pig--God alone knows what it was. It
reminded me, vaguely, of the hideous Thing that had haunted the great
arena. It had a grotesquely human mouth and jaw; but with no chin of
which to speak. The nose was prolonged into a snout; thus it was that
with the little eyes and queer ears, gave it such an extraordinarily
swinelike appearance. Of forehead there was little, and the whole face
was of an unwholesome white color.

For perhaps a minute, I stood looking at the thing with an ever growing
feeling of disgust, and some fear. The mouth kept jabbering, inanely,
and once emitted a half-swinish grunt. I think it was the eyes that
attracted me the most; they seemed to glow, at times, with a horribly
human intelligence, and kept flickering away from my face, over the
details of the room, as though my stare disturbed it.

It appeared to be supporting itself by two clawlike hands upon the
windowsill. These claws, unlike the face, were of a clayey brown hue,
and bore an indistinct resemblance to human hands, in that they had four
fingers and a thumb; though these were webbed up to the first joint,
much as are a duck's. Nails it had also, but so long and powerful that
they were more like the talons of an eagle than aught else.

As I have said, before, I felt some fear; though almost of an
impersonal kind. I may explain my feeling better by saying that it was
more a sensation of abhorrence; such as one might expect to feel, if
brought in contact with something superhumanly foul; something
unholy--belonging to some hitherto undreamt of state of existence.

I cannot say that I grasped these various details of the brute at the
time. I think they seemed to come back to me, afterward, as though
imprinted upon my brain. I imagined more than I saw as I looked at the
thing, and the material details grew upon me later.

For perhaps a minute I stared at the creature; then as my nerves
steadied a little I shook off the vague alarm that held me, and took a
step toward the window. Even as I did so, the thing ducked and vanished.
I rushed to the door and looked 'round hurriedly; but only the tangled
bushes and shrubs met my gaze.

I ran back into the house, and, getting my gun, sallied out to search
through the gardens. As I went, I asked myself whether the thing I had
just seen was likely to be the same of which I had caught a glimpse in
the morning. I inclined to think it was.

I would have taken Pepper with me; but judged it better to give his
wound a chance to heal. Besides, if the creature I had just seen was, as
I imagined, his antagonist of the morning, it was not likely that he
would be of much use.

I began my search, systematically. I was determined, if it were
possible, to find and put an end to that swine-thing. This was, at
least, a material Horror!

At first, I searched, cautiously; with the thought of Pepper's wound in
my mind; but, as the hours passed, and not a sign of anything living,
showed in the great, lonely gardens, I became less apprehensive. I felt
almost as though I would welcome the sight of it. Anything seemed better
than this silence, with the ever-present feeling that the creature might
be lurking in every bush I passed. Later, I grew careless of danger, to
the extent of plunging right through the bushes, probing with my gun
barrel as I went.

At times, I shouted; but only the echoes answered back. I thought thus
perhaps to frighten or stir the creature to showing itself; but only
succeeded in bringing my sister Mary out, to know what was the matter. I
told her, that I had seen the wildcat that had wounded Pepper, and that
I was trying to hunt it out of the bushes. She seemed only half
satisfied, and went back into the house, with an expression of doubt
upon her face. I wondered whether she had seen or guessed anything. For
the rest of the afternoon, I prosecuted the search anxiously. I felt
that I should be unable to sleep, with that bestial thing haunting the
shrubberies, and yet, when evening fell, I had seen nothing. Then, as I
turned homeward, I heard a short, unintelligible noise, among the bushes
to my right. Instantly, I turned, and, aiming quickly, fired in the
direction of the sound. Immediately afterward, I heard something
scuttling away among the bushes. It moved rapidly, and in a minute had
gone out of hearing. After a few steps I ceased my pursuit, realizing
how futile it must be in the fast gathering gloom; and so, with a
curious feeling of depression, I entered the house.

That night, after my sister had gone to bed, I went 'round to all the
windows and doors on the ground floor; and saw to it that they were
securely fastened. This precaution was scarcely necessary as regards the
windows, as all of those on the lower storey are strongly barred; but
with the doors--of which there are five--it was wisely thought, as not
one was locked.

Having secured these, I went to my study, yet, somehow, for once, the
place jarred upon me; it seemed so huge and echoey. For some time I
tried to read; but at last finding it impossible I carried my book down
to the kitchen where a large fire was burning, and sat there.

I dare say, I had read for a couple of hours, when, suddenly, I heard a
sound that made me lower my book, and listen, intently. It was a noise
of something rubbing and fumbling against the back door. Once the door
creaked, loudly; as though force were being applied to it. During those
few, short moments, I experienced an indescribable feeling of terror,
such as I should have believed impossible. My hands shook; a cold sweat
broke out on me, and I shivered violently.

Gradually, I calmed. The stealthy movements outside had ceased.

Then for an hour I sat silent and watchful. All at once the feeling of
fear took me again. I felt as I imagine an animal must, under the eye of
a snake. Yet now I could hear nothing. Still, there was no doubting that
some unexplained influence was at work.

Gradually, imperceptibly almost, something stole on my ear--a sound
that resolved itself into a faint murmur. Quickly it developed and grew
into a muffled but hideous chorus of bestial shrieks. It appeared to
rise from the bowels of the earth.

I heard a thud, and realized in a dull, half comprehending way that I
had dropped my book. After that, I just sat; and thus the daylight found
me, when it crept wanly in through the barred, high windows of the
great kitchen.

With the dawning light, the feeling of stupor and fear left me; and I
came more into possession of my senses.

Thereupon I picked up my book, and crept to the door to listen. Not a
sound broke the chilly silence. For some minutes I stood there; then,
very gradually and cautiously, I drew back the bolt and opening the door
peeped out.

My caution was unneeded. Nothing was to be seen, save the grey vista of
dreary, tangled bushes and trees, extending to the distant plantation.

With a shiver, I closed the door, and made my way, quietly, up to bed.



_VI_

THE SWINE-THINGS

It was evening, a week later. My sister sat in the garden, knitting. I
was walking up and down, reading. My gun leant up against the wall of
the house; for, since the advent of that strange thing in the gardens, I
had deemed it wise to take precautions. Yet, through the whole week,
there had been nothing to alarm me, either by sight or sound; so that I
was able to look back, calmly, to the incident; though still with a
sense of unmitigated wonder and curiosity.

I was, as I have just said, walking up and down, and somewhat engrossed
in my book. Suddenly, I heard a crash, away in the direction of the Pit.
With a quick movement, I turned and saw a tremendous column of dust
rising high into the evening air.

My sister had risen to her feet, with a sharp exclamation of surprise
and fright.

Telling her to stay where she was, I snatched up my gun, and ran toward
the Pit. As I neared it, I heard a dull, rumbling sound, that grew
quickly into a roar, split with deeper crashes, and up from the Pit
drove a fresh volume of dust.

The noise ceased, though the dust still rose, tumultuously.

I reached the edge, and looked down; but could see nothing save a boil
of dust clouds swirling hither and thither. The air was so full of the
small particles, that they blinded and choked me; and, finally, I had to
run out from the smother, to breathe.

Gradually, the suspended matter sank, and hung in a panoply over the
mouth of the Pit.

I could only guess at what had happened.

That there had been a land-slip of some kind, I had little doubt; but
the cause was beyond my knowledge; and yet, even then, I had half
imaginings; for, already, the thought had come to me, of those falling
rocks, and that Thing in the bottom of the Pit; but, in the first
minutes of confusion, I failed to reach the natural conclusion, to which
the catastrophe pointed.

Slowly, the dust subsided, until, presently, I was able to approach the
edge, and look down.

For a while, I peered impotently, trying to see through the reek. At
first, it was impossible to make out anything. Then, as I stared, I saw
something below, to my left, that moved. I looked intently toward it,
and, presently, made out another, and then another--three dim shapes
that appeared to be climbing up the side of the Pit. I could see them
only indistinctly. Even as I stared and wondered, I heard a rattle of
stones, somewhere to my right. I glanced across; but could see nothing.
I leant forward, and peered over, and down into the Pit, just beneath
where I stood; and saw no further than a hideous, white swine-face, that
had risen to within a couple of yards of my feet. Below it, I could make
out several others. As the Thing saw me, it gave a sudden, uncouth
squeal, which was answered from all parts of the Pit. At that, a gust of
horror and fear took me, and, bending down, I discharged my gun right
into its face. Straightway, the creature disappeared, with a clatter of
loose earth and stones.

There was a momentary silence, to which, probably, I owe my life; for,
during it, I heard a quick patter of many feet, and, turning sharply,
saw a troop of the creatures coming toward me, at a run. Instantly, I
raised my gun and fired at the foremost, who plunged head-long, with a
hideous howling. Then, I turned to run. More than halfway from the house
to the Pit, I saw my sister--she was coming toward me. I could not see
her face, distinctly, as the dusk had fallen; but there was fear in her
voice as she called to know why I was shooting.

'Run!' I shouted in reply. 'Run for your life!'

Without more ado, she turned and fled--picking up her skirts with both
hands. As I followed, I gave a glance behind. The brutes were running on
their hind legs--at times dropping on all fours.

I think it must have been the terror in my voice, that spurred Mary to
run so; for I feel convinced that she had not, as yet, seen those hell
creatures that pursued.

On we went, my sister leading.

Each moment, the nearing sounds of the footsteps, told me that the
brutes were gaining on us, rapidly. Fortunately, I am accustomed to
live, in some ways, an active life. As it was, the strain of the race
was beginning to tell severely upon me.

Ahead, I could see the back door--luckily it was open. I was some
half-dozen yards behind Mary, now, and my breath was sobbing in my
throat. Then, something touched my shoulder. I wrenched my head 'round,
quickly, and saw one of those monstrous, pallid faces close to mine. One
of the creatures, having outrun its companions, had almost overtaken me.
Even as I turned, it made a fresh grab. With a sudden effort, I sprang
to one side, and, swinging my gun by the barrel, brought it crashing
down upon the foul creature's head. The Thing dropped, with an almost
human groan.

Even this short delay had been nearly sufficient to bring the rest of
the brutes down upon me; so that, without an instant's waste of time, I
turned and ran for the door.

Reaching it, I burst into the passage; then, turning quickly, slammed
and bolted the door, just as the first of the creatures rushed against
it, with a sudden shock.

My sister sat, gasping, in a chair. She seemed in a fainting condition;
but I had no time then to spend on her. I had to make sure that all the
doors were fastened. Fortunately, they were. The one leading from my
study into the gardens, was the last to which I went. I had just had
time to note that it was secured, when I thought I heard a noise
outside. I stood perfectly silent, and listened. Yes! Now I could
distinctly hear a sound of whispering, and something slithered over the
panels, with a rasping, scratchy noise. Evidently, some of the brutes
were feeling with their claw-hands, about the door, to discover whether
there were any means of ingress.

That the creatures should so soon have found the door was--to me--a
proof of their reasoning capabilities. It assured me that they must not
be regarded, by any means, as mere animals. I had felt something of this
before, when that first Thing peered in through my window. Then I had
applied the term superhuman to it, with an almost instinctive knowledge
that the creature was something different from the brute-beast.
Something beyond human; yet in no good sense; but rather as something
foul and hostile to the _great_ and _good_ in humanity. In a word, as
something intelligent, and yet inhuman. The very thought of the
creatures filled me with revulsion.

Now, I bethought me of my sister, and, going to the cupboard, I got
out a flask of brandy, and a wine-glass. Taking these, I went down to
the kitchen, carrying a lighted candle with me. She was not sitting in
the chair, but had fallen out, and was lying upon the floor,
face downward.

Very gently, I turned her over, and raised her head somewhat. Then, I
poured a little of the brandy between her lips. After a while, she
shivered slightly. A little later, she gave several gasps, and opened
her eyes. In a dreamy, unrealizing way, she looked at me. Then her eyes
closed, slowly, and I gave her a little more of the brandy. For, perhaps
a minute longer, she lay silent, breathing quickly. All at once, her
eyes opened again, and it seemed to me, as I looked, that the pupils
were dilated, as though fear had come with returning consciousness.
Then, with a movement so unexpected that I started backward, she sat up.
Noticing that she seemed giddy, I put out my hand to steady her. At
that, she gave a loud scream, and, scrambling to her feet, ran from
the room.

For a moment, I stayed there--kneeling and holding the brandy flask. I
was utterly puzzled and astonished.

Could she be afraid of me? But no! Why should she? I could only
conclude that her nerves were badly shaken, and that she was temporarily
unhinged. Upstairs, I heard a door bang, loudly, and I knew that she had
taken refuge in her room. I put the flask down on the table. My
attention was distracted by a noise in the direction of the back door. I
went toward it, and listened. It appeared to be shaken, as though some
of the creatures struggled with it, silently; but it was far too
strongly constructed and hung to be easily moved.

Out in the gardens rose a continuous sound. It might have been
mistaken, by a casual listener, for the grunting and squealing of a herd
of pigs. But, as I stood there, it came to me that there was sense and
meaning to all those swinish noises. Gradually, I seemed able to trace
a semblance in it to human speech--glutinous and sticky, as though each
articulation were made with difficulty: yet, nevertheless, I was
becoming convinced that it was no mere medley of sounds; but a rapid
interchange of ideas.

By this time, it had grown quite dark in the passages, and from these
came all the varied cries and groans of which an old house is so full
after nightfall. It is, no doubt, because things are then quieter, and
one has more leisure to hear. Also, there may be something in the theory
that the sudden change of temperature, at sundown, affects the structure
of the house, somewhat--causing it to contract and settle, as it were,
for the night. However, this is as may be; but, on that night in
particular, I would gladly have been quit of so many eerie noises. It
seemed to me, that each crack and creak was the coming of one of those
Things along the dark corridors; though I knew in my heart that this
could not be, for I had seen, myself, that all the doors were secure.

Gradually, however, these sounds grew on my nerves to such an extent
that, were it only to punish my cowardice, I felt I must make the 'round
of the basement again, and, if anything were there, face it. And then, I
would go up to my study, for I knew sleep was out of the question, with
the house surrounded by creatures, half beasts, half something else, and
entirely unholy.

Taking the kitchen lamp down from its hook, I made my way from cellar
to cellar, and room to room; through pantry and coal-hole--along
passages, and into the hundred-and-one little blind alleys and hidden
nooks that form the basement of the old house. Then, when I knew I had
been in every corner and cranny large enough to conceal aught of any
size, I made my way to the stairs.

With my foot on the first step, I paused. It seemed to me, I heard a
movement, apparently from the buttery, which is to the left of the
staircase. It had been one of the first places I searched, and yet, I
felt certain my ears had not deceived me. My nerves were strung now,
and, with hardly any hesitation, I stepped up to the door, holding the
lamp above my head. In a glance, I saw that the place was empty, save
for the heavy, stone slabs, supported by brick pillars; and I was about
to leave it, convinced that I had been mistaken; when, in turning, my
light was flashed back from two bright spots outside the window, and
high up. For a few moments, I stood there, staring. Then they
moved--revolving slowly, and throwing out alternate scintillations of
green and red; at least, so it appeared to me. I knew then that they
were eyes.

Slowly, I traced the shadowy outline of one of the Things. It appeared
to be holding on to the bars of the window, and its attitude suggested
climbing. I went nearer to the window, and held the light higher. There
was no need to be afraid of the creature; the bars were strong, and
there was little danger of its being able to move them. And then,
suddenly, in spite of the knowledge that the brute could not reach to
harm me, I had a return of the horrible sensation of fear, that had
assailed me on that night, a week previously. It was the same feeling of
helpless, shuddering fright. I realized, dimly, that the creature's eyes
were looking into mine with a steady, compelling stare. I tried to turn
away; but could not. I seemed, now, to see the window through a mist.
Then, I thought other eyes came and peered, and yet others; until a
whole galaxy of malignant, staring orbs seemed to hold me in thrall.

My head began to swim, and throb violently. Then, I was aware of a
feeling of acute physical pain in my left hand. It grew more severe, and
forced, literally forced, my attention. With a tremendous effort, I
glanced down; and, with that, the spell that had held me was broken. I
realized, then, that I had, in my agitation, unconsciously caught hold
of the hot lamp-glass, and burnt my hand, badly. I looked up to the
window, again. The misty appearance had gone, and, now, I saw that it
was crowded with dozens of bestial faces. With a sudden access of rage,
I raised the lamp, and hurled it, full at the window. It struck the
glass (smashing a pane), and passed between two of the bars, out into
the garden, scattering burning oil as it went. I heard several loud
cries of pain, and, as my sight became accustomed to the dark, I
discovered that the creatures had left the window.

Pulling myself together, I groped for the door, and, having found it,
made my way upstairs, stumbling at each step. I felt dazed, as though I
had received a blow on the head. At the same time, my hand smarted
badly, and I was full of a nervous, dull rage against those Things.

Reaching my study, I lit the candles. As they burnt up, their rays were
reflected from the rack of firearms on the sidewall. At the sight, I
remembered that I had there a power, which, as I had proved earlier,
seemed as fatal to those monsters as to more ordinary animals; and I
determined I would take the offensive.

First of all, I bound up my hand; for the pain was fast becoming
intolerable. After that, it seemed easier, and I crossed the room, to
the rifle stand. There, I selected a heavy rifle--an old and tried
weapon; and, having procured ammunition, I made my way up into one of
the small towers, with which the house is crowned.

From there, I found that I could see nothing. The gardens presented a
dim blur of shadows--a little blacker, perhaps, where the trees stood.
That was all, and I knew that it was useless to shoot down into all that
darkness. The only thing to be done, was to wait for the moon to rise;
then, I might be able to do a little execution.

In the meantime, I sat still, and kept my ears open. The gardens were
comparatively quiet now, and only an occasional grunt or squeal came up
to me. I did not like this silence; it made me wonder on what devilry
the creatures were bent. Twice, I left the tower, and took a walk
through the house; but everything was silent.

Once, I heard a noise, from the direction of the Pit, as though more
earth had fallen. Following this, and lasting for some fifteen minutes,
there was a commotion among the denizens of the gardens. This died away,
and, after that all was again quiet.

About an hour later, the moon's light showed above the distant horizon.
From where I sat, I could see it over the trees; but it was not until it
rose clear of them, that I could make out any of the details in the
gardens below. Even then, I could see none of the brutes; until,
happening to crane forward, I saw several of them lying prone, up
against the wall of the house. What they were doing, I could not make
out. It was, however, a chance too good to be ignored; and, taking aim,
I fired at the one directly beneath. There was a shrill scream, and, as
the smoke cleared away, I saw that it had turned on its back, and was
writhing, feebly. Then, it was quiet. The others had disappeared.

Immediately after this, I heard a loud squeal, in the direction of the
Pit. It was answered, a hundred times, from every part of the garden.
This gave me some notion of the number of the creatures, and I began to
feel that the whole affair was becoming even more serious than I
had imagined.

As I sat there, silent and watchful, the thought came to me--Why was
all this? What were these Things? What did it mean? Then my thoughts
flew back to that vision (though, even now, I doubt whether it was a
vision) of the Plain of Silence. What did that mean? I wondered--And
that Thing in the arena? Ugh! Lastly, I thought of the house I had seen
in that far-away place. That house, so like this in every detail of
external structure, that it might have been modeled from it; or this
from that. I had never thought of that--

At this moment, there came another long squeal, from the Pit, followed,
a second later, by a couple of shorter ones. At once, the garden was
filled with answering cries. I stood up, quickly, and looked over the
parapet. In the moonlight, it seemed as though the shrubberies were
alive. They tossed hither and thither, as though shaken by a strong,
irregular wind; while a continuous rustling, and a noise of scampering
feet, rose up to me. Several times, I saw the moonlight gleam on
running, white figures among the bushes, and, twice, I fired. The second
time, my shot was answered by a short squeal of pain.

A minute later, the gardens lay silent. From the Pit, came a deep,
hoarse Babel of swine-talk. At times, angry cries smote the air, and
they would be answered by multitudinous gruntings. It occurred to me,
that they were holding some kind of a council, perhaps to discuss the
problem of entering the house. Also, I thought that they seemed much
enraged, probably by my successful shots.

It occurred to me, that now would be a good time to make a final survey
of our defenses. This, I proceeded to do at once; visiting the whole of
the basement again, and examining each of the doors. Luckily, they are
all, like the back one, built of solid, iron-studded oak. Then, I went
upstairs to the study. I was more anxious about this door. It is,
palpably, of a more modern make than the others, and, though a stout
piece of work, it has little of their ponderous strength.

I must explain here, that there is a small, raised lawn on this side of
the house, upon which this door opens--the windows of the study being
barred on this account. All the other entrances--excepting the great
gateway which is never opened--are in the lower storey.



_VII_

THE ATTACK

I spent some time, puzzling how to strengthen the study door. Finally,
I went down to the kitchen, and with some trouble, brought up several
heavy pieces of timber. These, I wedged up, slantwise, against it, from
the floor, nailing them top and bottom. For half-an-hour, I worked hard,
and, at last, got it shored to my mind.

Then, feeling easier, I resumed my coat, which I had laid aside, and
proceeded to attend to one or two matters before returning to the tower.
It was whilst thus employed, that I heard a fumbling at the door, and
the latch was tried. Keeping silence, I waited. Soon, I heard several of
the creatures outside. They were grunting to one another, softly. Then,
for a minute, there was quietness. Suddenly, there sounded a quick, low
grunt, and the door creaked under a tremendous pressure. It would have
burst inward; but for the supports I had placed. The strain ceased, as
quickly as it had begun, and there was more talk.

Presently, one of the Things squealed, softly, and I heard the sound
of others approaching. There was a short confabulation; then again,
silence; and I realized that they had called several more to assist.
Feeling that now was the supreme moment, I stood ready, with my rifle
presented. If the door gave, I would, at least, slay as many
as possible.

Again came the low signal; and, once more, the door cracked, under a
huge force. For, a minute perhaps, the pressure was kept up; and I
waited, nervously; expecting each moment to see the door come down with
a crash. But no; the struts held, and the attempt proved abortive. Then
followed more of their horrible, grunting talk, and, whilst it lasted, I
thought I distinguished the noise of fresh arrivals.

After a long discussion, during which the door was several times
shaken, they became quiet once more, and I knew that they were going to
make a third attempt to break it down. I was almost in despair. The
props had been severely tried in the two previous attacks, and I was
sorely afraid that this would prove too much for them.

At that moment, like an inspiration, a thought flashed into my troubled
brain. Instantly, for it was no time to hesitate, I ran from the room,
and up stair after stair. This time, it was not to one of the towers,
that I went; but out on to the flat, leaded roof itself. Once there, I
raced across to the parapet, that walls it 'round, and looked down. As I
did so, I heard the short, grunted signal, and, even up there, caught
the crying of the door under the assault.

There was not a moment to lose, and, leaning over, I aimed, quickly,
and fired. The report rang sharply, and, almost blending with it, came
the loud splud of the bullet striking its mark. From below, rose a
shrill wail; and the door ceased its groaning. Then, as I took my weight
from off the parapet, a huge piece of the stone coping slid from under
me, and fell with a crash among the disorganized throng beneath.
Several horrible shrieks quavered through the night air, and then I
heard a sound of scampering feet. Cautiously, I looked over. In the
moonlight, I could see the great copingstone, lying right across the
threshold of the door. I thought I saw something under it--several
things, white; but I could not be sure.

And so a few minutes passed.

As I stared, I saw something come 'round, out of the shadow of the
house. It was one of the Things. It went up to the stone, silently, and
bent down. I was unable to see what it did. In a minute it stood up. It
had something in its talons, which it put to its mouth and tore at....

For the moment, I did not realize. Then, slowly, I comprehended. The
Thing was stooping again. It was horrible. I started to load my rifle.
When I looked again, the monster was tugging at the stone--moving it to
one side. I leant the rifle on the coping, and pulled the trigger. The
brute collapsed, on its face, and kicked, slightly.

Simultaneously, almost, with the report, I heard another sound--that of
breaking glass. Waiting, only to recharge my weapon, I ran from the
roof, and down the first two flights of stairs.

Here, I paused to listen. As I did so, there came another tinkle of
falling glass. It appeared to come from the floor below. Excitedly, I
sprang down the steps, and, guided by the rattle of the window-sash,
reached the door of one of the empty bedrooms, at the back of the house.
I thrust it open. The room was but dimly illuminated by the moonlight;
most of the light being blotted out by moving figures at the window.
Even as I stood, one crawled through, into the room. Leveling my weapon,
I fired point-blank at it--filling the room with a deafening bang. When
the smoke cleared, I saw that the room was empty, and the window free.
The room was much lighter. The night air blew in, coldly, through the
shattered panes. Down below, in the night, I could hear a soft moaning,
and a confused murmur of swine-voices.

Stepping to one side of the window, I reloaded, and then stood there,
waiting. Presently, I heard a scuffling noise. From where I stood in the
shadow, I could see, without being seen.

Nearer came the sounds, and then I saw something come up above the
sill, and clutch at the broken window-frame. It caught a piece of the
woodwork; and, now, I could make out that it was a hand and arm. A
moment later, the face of one of the Swine-creatures rose into view.
Then, before I could use my rifle, or do anything, there came a sharp
crack--cr-ac-k; and the window-frame gave way under the weight of the
Thing. Next instant, a squashing thud, and a loud outcry, told me that
it had fallen to the ground. With a savage hope that it had been killed,
I went to the window. The moon had gone behind a cloud, so that I could
see nothing; though a steady hum of jabbering, just beneath where I
stood, indicated that there were several more of the brutes close
at hand.

As I stood there, looking down, I marveled how it had been possible for
the creatures to climb so far; for the wall is comparatively smooth,
while the distance to the ground must be, at least, eighty feet.

All at once, as I bent, peering, I saw something, indistinctly, that
cut the grey shadow of the house-side, with a black line. It passed the
window, to the left, at a distance of about two feet. Then, I remembered
that it was a gutter-pipe, that had been put there some years ago, to
carry off the rainwater. I had forgotten about it. I could see, now, how
the creatures had managed to reach the window. Even as the solution came
to me, I heard a faint slithering, scratching noise, and knew that
another of the brutes was coming. I waited some odd moments; then leant
out of the window and felt the pipe. To my delight, I found that it was
quite loose, and I managed, using the rifle-barrel as a crowbar, to
lever it out from the wall. I worked quickly. Then, taking hold with
both bands, I wrenched the whole concern away, and hurled it down--with
the Thing still clinging to it--into the garden.

For a few minutes longer, I waited there, listening; but, after the
first general outcry, I heard nothing. I knew, now, that there was no
more reason to fear an attack from this quarter. I had removed the only
means of reaching the window, and, as none of the other windows had any
adjacent water pipes, to tempt the climbing powers of the monsters, I
began to feel more confident of escaping their clutches.

Leaving the room, I made my way down to the study. I was anxious to see
how the door had withstood the test of that last assault. Entering, I
lit two of the candles, and then turned to the door. One of the large
props had been displaced, and, on that side, the door had been forced
inward some six inches.

It was Providential that I had managed to drive the brutes away just
when I did! And that copingstone! I wondered, vaguely, how I had managed
to dislodge it. I had not noticed it loose, as I took my shot; and then,
as I stood up, it had slipped away from beneath me ... I felt that I
owed the dismissal of the attacking force, more to its timely fall than
to my rifle. Then the thought came, that I had better seize this chance
to shore up the door, again. It was evident that the creatures had not
returned since the fall of the copingstone; but who was to say how long
they would keep away?

There and then, I set-to, at repairing the door--working hard and
anxiously. First, I went down to the basement, and, rummaging 'round,
found several pieces of heavy oak planking. With these, I returned to
the study, and, having removed the props, placed the planks up against
the door. Then, I nailed the heads of the struts to these, and, driving
them well home at the bottoms, nailed them again there.

Thus, I made the door stronger than ever; for now it was solid with the
backing of boards, and would, I felt convinced, stand a heavier pressure
than hitherto, without giving way.

After that, I lit the lamp which I had brought from the kitchen, and
went down to have a look at the lower windows.

Now that I had seen an instance of the strength the creatures
possessed, I felt considerable anxiety about the windows on the ground
floor--in spite of the fact that they were so strongly barred.

I went first to the buttery, having a vivid remembrance of my late
adventure there. The place was chilly, and the wind, soughing in through
the broken glass, produced an eerie note. Apart from the general air of
dismalness, the place was as I had left it the night before. Going up to
the window, I examined the bars, closely; noting, as I did so, their
comfortable thickness. Still, as I looked more intently, it seemed to
me, that the middle bar was bent slightly from the straight; yet it was
but trifling, and it might have been so for years. I had never, before,
noticed them particularly.

I put my hand through the broken window, and shook the bar. It was as
firm as a rock. Perhaps the creatures had tried to 'start' it, and,
finding it beyond their power, ceased from the effort. After that, I
went 'round to each of the windows, in turn; examining them with careful
attention; but nowhere else could I trace anything to show that there
had been any tampering. Having finished my survey, I went back to the
study, and poured myself out a little brandy. Then to the tower
to watch.



_VIII_

AFTER THE ATTACK

It was now about three a.m., and, presently, the Eastern sky began to
pale with the coming of dawn. Gradually, the day came, and, by its
light, I scanned the gardens, earnestly; but nowhere could I see any
signs of the brutes. I leant over, and glanced down to the foot of the
wall, to see whether the body of the Thing I had shot the night before
was still there. It was gone. I supposed that others of the monsters had
removed it during the night.

Then, I went down on to the roof, and crossed over to the gap from
which the coping stone had fallen. Reaching it, I looked over. Yes,
there was the stone, as I had seen it last; but there was no appearance
of anything beneath it; nor could I see the creatures I had killed,
after its fall. Evidently, they also had been taken away. I turned, and
went down to my study. There, I sat down, wearily. I was thoroughly
tired. It was quite light now; though the sun's rays were not, as yet,
perceptibly hot. A clock chimed the hour of four.

I awoke, with a start, and looked 'round, hurriedly. The clock in the
corner, indicated that it was three o'clock. It was already afternoon. I
must have slept for nearly eleven hours.

With a jerky movement, I sat forward in the chair, and listened. The
house was perfectly silent. Slowly, I stood up, and yawned. I felt
desperately tired, still, and sat down again; wondering what it was that
had waked me.

It must have been the clock striking, I concluded, presently; and was
commencing to doze off, when a sudden noise brought me back, once more,
to life. It was the sound of a step, as of a person moving cautiously
down the corridor, toward my study. In an instant, I was on my feet, and
grasping my rifle. Noiselessly, I waited. Had the creatures broken in,
whilst I slept? Even as I questioned, the steps reached my door, halted
momentarily, and then continued down the passage. Silently, I tiptoed to
the doorway, and peeped out. Then, I experienced such a feeling of
relief, as must a reprieved criminal--it was my sister. She was going
toward the stairs.

I stepped into the hall, and was about to call to her, when it occurred
to me, that it was very queer she should have crept past my door, in
that stealthy manner. I was puzzled, and, for one brief moment, the
thought occupied my mind, that it was not she, but some fresh mystery of
the house. Then, as I caught a glimpse of her old petticoat, the thought
passed as quickly as it had come, and I half laughed. There could be no
mistaking that ancient garment. Yet, I wondered what she was doing; and,
remembering her condition of mind, on the previous day, I felt that it
might be best to follow, quietly--taking care not to alarm her--and see
what she was going to do. If she behaved rationally, well and good; if
not, I should have to take steps to restrain her. I could run no
unnecessary risks, under the danger that threatened us.

Quickly, I reached the head of the stairs, and paused a moment. Then,
I heard a sound that sent me leaping down, at a mad rate--it was the
rattle of bolts being unshot. That foolish sister of mine was actually
unbarring the back door.

Just as her hand was on the last bolt, I reached her. She had not seen
me, and, the first thing she knew, I had hold of her arm. She glanced up
quickly, like a frightened animal, and screamed aloud.

'Come, Mary!' I said, sternly, 'what's the meaning of this nonsense? Do
you mean to tell me you don't understand the danger, that you try to
throw our two lives away in this fashion!'

To this, she replied nothing; only trembled, violently, gasping and
sobbing, as though in the last extremity of fear.

Through some minutes, I reasoned with her; pointing out the need for
caution, and asking her to be brave. There was little to be afraid of
now, I explained--and, I tried to believe that I spoke the truth--but
she must be sensible, and not attempt to leave the house for a few days.

At last, I ceased, in despair. It was no use talking to her; she was,
obviously, not quite herself for the time being. Finally, I told her she
had better go to her room, if she could not behave rationally.

Still, she took not any notice. So, without more ado, I picked her up
in my arms, and carried her there. At first, she screamed, wildly; but
had relapsed into silent trembling, by the time I reached the stairs.

Arriving at her room, I laid her upon the bed. She lay there quietly
enough, neither speaking nor sobbing--just shaking in a very ague of
fear. I took a rug from a chair near by, and spread it over her. I could
do nothing more for her, and so, crossed to where Pepper lay in a big
basket. My sister had taken charge of him since his wound, to nurse him,
for it had proved more severe than I had thought, and I was pleased to
note that, in spite of her state of mind, she had looked after the old
dog, carefully. Stooping, I spoke to him, and, in reply, he licked my
hand, feebly. He was too ill to do more.

Then, going to the bed, I bent over my sister, and asked her how she
felt; but she only shook the more, and, much as it pained me, I had to
admit that my presence seemed to make her worse.

And so, I left her--locking the door, and pocketing the key. It seemed
to be the only course to take.

The rest of the day, I spent between the tower and my study. For food,
I brought up a loaf from the pantry, and on this, and some claret, I
lived for that day.

What a long, weary day it was. If only I could have gone out into the
gardens, as is my wont, I should have been content enough; but to be
cooped in this silent house, with no companion, save a mad woman and a
sick dog, was enough to prey upon the nerves of the hardiest. And out in
the tangled shrubberies that surrounded the house, lurked--for all I
could tell--those infernal Swine-creatures waiting their chance. Was
ever a man in such straits?

Once, in the afternoon, and again, later, I went to visit my sister.
The second time, I found her tending Pepper; but, at my approach, she
slid over, unobtrusively, to the far corner, with a gesture that
saddened me beyond belief. Poor girl! her fear cut me intolerably, and I
would not intrude on her, unnecessarily. She would be better, I trusted,
in a few days; meanwhile, I could do nothing; and I judged it still
needful--hard as it seemed--to keep her confined to her room. One thing
there was that I took for encouragement: she had eaten some of the food
I had taken to her, on my first visit.

And so the day passed.

As the evening drew on, the air grew chilly, and I began to make
preparations for passing a second night in the tower--taking up two
additional rifles, and a heavy ulster. The rifles I loaded, and laid
alongside my other; as I intended to make things warm for any of the
creatures who might show, during the night. I had plenty of ammunition,
and I thought to give the brutes such a lesson, as should show them the
uselessness of attempting to force an entrance.

After that, I made the 'round of the house again; paying particular
attention to the props that supported the study door. Then, feeling that
I had done all that lay in my power to insure our safety, I returned to
the tower; calling in on my sister and Pepper, for a final visit, on the
way. Pepper was asleep; but woke, as I entered, and wagged his tail, in
recognition. I thought he seemed slightly better. My sister was lying on
the bed; though whether asleep or not, I was unable to tell; and thus I
left them.

Reaching the tower, I made myself as comfortable as circumstances would
permit, and settled down to watch through the night. Gradually, darkness
fell, and soon the details of the gardens were merged into shadows.
During the first few hours, I sat, alert, listening for any sound that
might help to tell me if anything were stirring down below. It was far
too dark for my eyes to be of much use.

Slowly, the hours passed; without anything unusual happening. And the
moon rose, showing the gardens, apparently empty, and silent. And so,
through the night, without disturbance or sound.

Toward morning, I began to grow stiff and cold, with my long vigil;
also, I was getting very uneasy, concerning the continued quietness on
the part of the creatures. I mistrusted it, and would sooner, far, have
had them attack the house, openly. Then, at least, I should have known
my danger, and been able to meet it; but to wait like this, through a
whole night, picturing all kinds of unknown devilment, was to jeopardize
one's sanity. Once or twice, the thought came to me, that, perhaps, they
had gone; but, in my heart, I found it impossible to believe that it
was so.



_IX_

IN THE CELLARS

At last, what with being tired and cold, and the uneasiness that
possessed me, I resolved to take a walk through the house; first calling
in at the study, for a glass of brandy to warm me. This, I did, and,
while there, I examined the door, carefully; but found all as I had left
it the night before.

The day was just breaking, as I left the tower; though it was still too
dark in the house to be able to see without a light, and I took one of
the study candles with me on my 'round. By the time I had finished the
ground floor, the daylight was creeping in, wanly, through the barred
windows. My search had shown me nothing fresh. Everything appeared to be
in order, and I was on the point of extinguishing my candle, when the
thought suggested itself to me to have another glance 'round the
cellars. I had not, if I remember rightly, been into them since my hasty
search on the evening of the attack.

For, perhaps, the half of a minute, I hesitated. I would have been very
willing to forego the task--as, indeed, I am inclined to think any man
well might--for of all the great, awe-inspiring rooms in this house, the
cellars are the hugest and weirdest. Great, gloomy caverns of places,
unlit by any ray of daylight. Yet, I would not shirk the work. I felt
that to do so would smack of sheer cowardice. Besides, as I reassured
myself, the cellars were really the most unlikely places in which to
come across anything dangerous; considering that they can be entered,
only through a heavy oaken door, the key of which, I carry always on
my person.

It is in the smallest of these places that I keep my wine; a gloomy
hole close to the foot of the cellar stairs; and beyond which, I have
seldom proceeded. Indeed, save for the rummage 'round, already
mentioned, I doubt whether I had ever, before, been right through
the cellars.

As I unlocked the great door, at the top of the steps, I paused,
nervously, a moment, at the strange, desolate smell that assailed my
nostrils. Then, throwing the barrel of my weapon forward, I descended,
slowly, into the darkness of the underground regions.

Reaching the bottom of the stairs, I stood for a minute, and listened.
All was silent, save for a faint drip, drip of water, falling,
drop-by-drop, somewhere to my left. As I stood, I noticed how quietly
the candle burnt; never a flicker nor flare, so utterly windless was
the place.

Quietly, I moved from cellar to cellar. I had but a very dim memory of
their arrangement. The impressions left by my first search were blurred.
I had recollections of a succession of great cellars, and of one,
greater than the rest, the roof of which was upheld by pillars; beyond
that my mind was hazy, and predominated by a sense of cold and darkness
and shadows. Now, however, it was different; for, although nervous, I
was sufficiently collected to be able to look about me, and note the
structure and size of the different vaults I entered.

Of course, with the amount of light given by my candle, it was not
possible to examine each place, minutely, but I was enabled to notice,
as I went along, that the walls appeared to be built with wonderful
precision and finish; while here and there, an occasional, massive
pillar shot up to support the vaulted roof.

Thus, I came, at last, to the great cellar that I remembered. It is
reached, through a huge, arched entrance, on which I observed strange,
fantastic carvings, which threw queer shadows under the light of my
candle. As I stood, and examined these, thoughtfully, it occurred to me
how strange it was, that I should be so little acquainted with my own
house. Yet, this may be easily understood, when one realizes the size of
this ancient pile, and the fact that only my old sister and I live in
it, occupying a few of the rooms, such as our wants decide.

Holding the light high, I passed on into the cellar, and, keeping to
the right, paced slowly up, until I reached the further end. I walked
quietly, and looked cautiously about, as I went. But, so far as the
light showed, I saw nothing unusual.

At the top, I turned to the left, still keeping to the wall, and so
continued, until I had traversed the whole of the vast chamber. As I
moved along, I noticed that the floor was composed of solid rock, in
places covered with a damp mould, in others bare, or almost so, save for
a thin coating of light-grey dust.

I had halted at the doorway. Now, however, I turned, and made my way up
the center of the place; passing among the pillars, and glancing to
right and left, as I moved. About halfway up the cellar, I stubbed my
foot against something that gave out a metallic sound. Stooping quickly,
I held the candle, and saw that the object I had kicked, was a large,
metal ring. Bending lower, I cleared the dust from around it, and,
presently, discovered that it was attached to a ponderous trap door,
black with age.

Feeling excited, and wondering to where it could lead, I laid my gun on
the floor, and, sticking the candle in the trigger guard, took the ring
in both hands, and pulled. The trap creaked loudly--the sound echoing,
vaguely, through the huge place--and opened, heavily.

Propping the edge on my knee, I reached for the candle, and held it in
the opening, moving it to right and left; but could see nothing. I was
puzzled and surprised. There were no signs of steps, nor even the
appearance of there ever having been any. Nothing; save an empty
blackness. I might have been looking down into a bottomless, sideless
well. Then, even as I stared, full of perplexity, I seemed to hear, far
down, as though from untold depths, a faint whisper of sound. I bent my
head, quickly, more into the opening, and listened, intently. It may
have been fancy; but I could have sworn to hearing a soft titter, that
grew into a hideous, chuckling, faint and distant. Startled, I leapt
backward, letting the trap fall, with a hollow clang, that filled the
place with echoes. Even then, I seemed to hear that mocking, suggestive
laughter; but this, I knew, must be my imagination. The sound, I had
heard, was far too slight to penetrate through the cumbrous trap.

For a full minute, I stood there, quivering--glancing, nervously,
behind and before; but the great cellar was silent as a grave, and,
gradually, I shook off the frightened sensation. With a calmer mind, I
became again curious to know into what that trap opened; but could not,
then, summon sufficient courage to make a further investigation. One
thing I felt, however, was that the trap ought to be secured. This, I
accomplished by placing upon it several large pieces of 'dressed'
stone, which I had noticed in my tour along the East wall.

Then, after a final scrutiny of the rest of the place, I retraced my
way through the cellars, to the stairs, and so reached the daylight,
with an infinite feeling of relief, that the uncomfortable task was
accomplished.



_X_

THE TIME OF WAITING

The sun was now warm, and shining brightly, forming a wondrous contrast
to the dark and dismal cellars; and it was with comparatively light
feelings, that I made my way up to the tower, to survey the gardens.
There, I found everything quiet, and, after a few minutes, went down to
Mary's room.

Here, having knocked, and received a reply, I unlocked the door. My
sister was sitting, quietly, on the bed; as though waiting. She seemed
quite herself again, and made no attempt to move away, as I approached;
yet, I observed that she scanned my face, anxiously, as though in doubt,
and but half assured in her mind that there was nothing to fear from me.

To my questions, as to how she felt, she replied, sanely enough, that
she was hungry, and would like to go down to prepare breakfast, if I did
not mind. For a minute, I meditated whether it would be safe to let her
out. Finally, I told her she might go, on condition that she promised
not to attempt to leave the house, or meddle with any of the outer
doors. At my mention of the doors, a sudden look of fright crossed her
face; but she said nothing, save to give the required promise, and then
left the room, silently.

Crossing the floor, I approached Pepper. He had waked as I entered;
but, beyond a slight yelp of pleasure, and a soft rapping with his tail,
had kept quiet. Now, as I patted him, he made an attempt to stand up,
and succeeded, only to fall back on his side, with a little yowl
of pain.

I spoke to him, and bade him lie still. I was greatly delighted with
his improvement, and also with the natural kindness of my sister's
heart, in taking such good care of him, in spite of her condition of
mind. After a while, I left him, and went downstairs, to my study.

In a little time, Mary appeared, carrying a tray on which smoked a hot
breakfast. As she entered the room, I saw her gaze fasten on the props
that supported the study door; her lips tightened, and I thought she
paled, slightly; but that was all. Putting the tray down at my elbow,
she was leaving the room, quietly, when I called her back. She came, it
seemed, a little timidly, as though startled; and I noted that her hand
clutched at her apron, nervously.

'Come, Mary,' I said. 'Cheer up! Things look brighter. I've seen none
of the creatures since yesterday morning, early.'

She looked at me, in a curiously puzzled manner; as though not
comprehending. Then, intelligence swept into her eyes, and fear; but she
said nothing, beyond an unintelligible murmur of acquiescence. After
that, I kept silence; it was evident that any reference to the
Swine-things, was more than her shaken nerves could bear.

Breakfast over, I went up to the tower. Here, during the greater part
of the day, I maintained a strict watch over the gardens. Once or twice,
I went down to the basement, to see how my sister was getting along.
Each time, I found her quiet, and curiously submissive. Indeed, on the
last occasion, she even ventured to address me, on her own account, with
regard to some household matter that needed attention. Though this was
done with an almost extraordinary timidity, I hailed it with happiness,
as being the first word, voluntarily spoken, since the critical moment,
when I had caught her unbarring the back door, to go out among those
waiting brutes. I wondered whether she was aware of her attempt, and how
near a thing it had been; but refrained from questioning her, thinking
it best to let well alone.

That night, I slept in a bed; the first time for two nights. In the
morning, I rose early, and took a walk through the house. All was as it
should be, and I went up to the tower, to have a look at the gardens.
Here, again, I found perfect quietness.

At breakfast, when I met Mary, I was greatly pleased to see that she
had sufficiently regained command over herself, to be able to greet me
in a perfectly natural manner. She talked sensibly and quietly; only
keeping carefully from any mention of the past couple of days. In this,
I humored her, to the extent of not attempting to lead the conversation
in that direction.

Earlier in the morning, I had been to see Pepper. He was mending,
rapidly; and bade fair to be on his legs, in earnest, in another day or
two. Before leaving the breakfast table, I made some reference to his
improvement. In the short discussion that followed, I was surprised to
gather, from my sister's remarks, that she was still under the
impression that his wound had been given by the wildcat, of my
invention. It made me feel almost ashamed of myself for deceiving her.
Yet, the lie had been told to prevent her from being frightened. And
then, I had been sure that she must have known the truth, later, when
those brutes had attacked the house.

During the day, I kept on the alert; spending much of my time, as on
the previous day, in the tower; but not a sign could I see of the
Swine-creatures, nor hear any sound. Several times, the thought had come
to me, that the Things had, at last, left us; but, up to this time, I
had refused to entertain the idea, seriously; now, however, I began to
feel that there was reason for hope. It would soon be three days since I
had seen any of the Things; but still, I intended to use the utmost
caution. For all that I could tell, this protracted silence might be a
ruse to tempt me from the house--perhaps right into their arms. The
thought of such a contingency, was, alone, sufficient to make me
circumspect.

So it was, that the fourth, fifth and sixth days went by, quietly,
without my making any attempt to leave the house.

On the sixth day, I had the pleasure of seeing Pepper, once more, upon
his feet; and, though still very weak, he managed to keep me company
during the whole of that day.



_XI_

THE SEARCHING OF THE GARDENS

How slowly the time went; and never a thing to indicate that any of the
brutes still infested the gardens.

It was on the ninth day that, finally, I decided to run the risk, if
any there were, and sally out. With this purpose in view, I loaded one
of the shotguns, carefully--choosing it, as being more deadly than a
rifle, at close quarters; and then, after a final scrutiny of the
grounds, from the tower, I called Pepper to follow me, and made my way
down to the basement.

At the door, I must confess to hesitating a moment. The thought of what
might be awaiting me among the dark shrubberies, was by no means
calculated to encourage my resolution. It was but a second, though, and
then I had drawn the bolts, and was standing on the path outside
the door.

Pepper followed, stopping at the doorstep to sniff, suspiciously; and
carrying his nose up and down the jambs, as though following a scent.
Then, suddenly, he turned, sharply, and started to run here and there,
in semicircles and circles, all around the door; finally returning to
the threshold. Here, he began again to nose about.

Hitherto, I had stood, watching the dog; yet, all the time, with half
my gaze on the wild tangle of gardens, stretching 'round me. Now, I went
toward him, and, bending down, examined the surface of the door, where
he was smelling. I found that the wood was covered with a network of
scratches, crossing and recrossing one another, in inextricable
confusion. In addition to this, I noticed that the doorposts,
themselves, were gnawed in places. Beyond these, I could find nothing;
and so, standing up, I began to make the tour of the house wall.

Pepper, as soon as I walked away, left the door, and ran ahead, still
nosing and sniffing as he went along. At times, he stopped to
investigate. Here, it would be a bullet-hole in the pathway, or,
perhaps, a powder stained wad. Anon, it might be a piece of torn sod, or
a disturbed patch of weedy path; but, save for such trifles, he found
nothing. I observed him, critically, as he went along, and could
discover nothing of uneasiness, in his demeanor, to indicate that he
felt the nearness of any of the creatures. By this, I was assured that
the gardens were empty, at least for the present, of those hateful
Things. Pepper could not be easily deceived, and it was a relief to feel
that he would know, and give me timely warning, if there were
any danger.

Reaching the place where I had shot that first creature, I stopped, and
made a careful scrutiny; but could see nothing. From there, I went on to
where the great copingstone had fallen. It lay on its side, apparently
just as it had been left when I shot the brute that was moving it. A
couple of feet to the right of the nearer end, was a great dent in the
ground; showing where it had struck. The other end was still within the
indentation--half in, and half out. Going nearer, I looked at the stone,
more closely. What a huge piece of masonry it was! And that creature had
moved it, single-handed, in its attempt to reach what lay below.

I went 'round to the further end of the stone. Here, I found that it
was possible to see under it, for a distance of nearly a couple of feet.
Still, I could see nothing of the stricken creatures, and I felt much
surprised. I had, as I have before said, guessed that the remains had
been removed; yet, I could not conceive that it had been done so
thoroughly as not to leave some certain sign, beneath the stone,
indicative of their fate. I had seen several of the brutes struck down
beneath it, with such force that they must have been literally driven
into the earth; and now, not a vestige of them was to be seen--not even
a bloodstain.

I felt more puzzled, than ever, as I turned the matter over in my mind;
but could think of no plausible explanation; and so, finally, gave it
up, as one of the many things that were unexplainable.

From there, I transferred my attention to the study door. I could see,
now, even more plainly, the effects of the tremendous strain, to which
it had been subjected; and I marveled how, even with the support
afforded by the props, it had withstood the attacks, so well. There were
no marks of blows--indeed, none had been given--but the door had been
literally riven from its hinges, by the application of enormous, silent
force. One thing that I observed affected me profoundly--the head of one
of the props had been driven right through a panel. This was, of itself,
sufficient to show how huge an effort the creatures had made to break
down the door, and how nearly they had succeeded.

Leaving, I continued my tour 'round the house, finding little else of
interest; save at the back, where I came across the piece of piping I
had torn from the wall, lying among the long grass underneath the
broken window.

Then, I returned to the house, and, having re-bolted the back door,
went up to the tower. Here, I spent the afternoon, reading, and
occasionally glancing down into the gardens. I had determined, if the
night passed quietly, to go as far as the Pit, on the morrow. Perhaps, I
should be able to learn, then, something of what had happened. The day
slipped away, and the night came, and went much as the last few
nights had gone.

When I rose the morning had broken, fine and clear; and I determined to
put my project into action. During breakfast, I considered the matter,
carefully; after which, I went to the study for my shotgun. In addition,
I loaded, and slipped into my pocket, a small, but heavy, pistol. I
quite understood that, if there were any danger, it lay in the direction
of the Pit and I intended to be prepared.

Leaving the study, I went down to the back door, followed by Pepper.
Once outside, I took a quick survey of the surrounding gardens, and then
set off toward the Pit. On the way, I kept a sharp outlook, holding my
gun, handily. Pepper was running ahead, I noticed, without any apparent
hesitation. From this, I augured that there was no imminent danger to be
apprehended, and I stepped out more quickly in his wake. He had reached
the top of the Pit, now, and was nosing his way along the edge.

A minute later, I was beside him, looking down into the Pit. For a
moment, I could scarcely believe that it was the same place, so greatly
was it changed. The dark, wooded ravine of a fortnight ago, with a
foliage-hidden stream, running sluggishly, at the bottom, existed no
longer. Instead, my eyes showed me a ragged chasm, partly filled with a
gloomy lake of turbid water. All one side of the ravine was stripped of
underwood, showing the bare rock.

A little to my left, the side of the Pit appeared to have collapsed
altogether, forming a deep V-shaped cleft in the face of the rocky
cliff. This rift ran, from the upper edge of the ravine, nearly down to
the water, and penetrated into the Pit side, to a distance of some forty
feet. Its opening was, at least, six yards across; and, from this, it
seemed to taper into about two. But, what attracted my attention, more
than even the stupendous split itself, was a great hole, some distance
down the cleft, and right in the angle of the V. It was clearly defined,
and not unlike an arched doorway in shape; though, lying as it did in
the shadow, I could not see it very distinctly.

The opposite side of the Pit, still retained its verdure; but so torn
in places, and everywhere covered with dust and rubbish, that it was
hardly distinguishable as such.

My first impression, that there had been a land slip, was, I began to
see, not sufficient, of itself, to account for all the changes I
witnessed. And the water--? I turned, suddenly; for I had become aware
that, somewhere to my right, there was a noise of running water. I could
see nothing; but, now that my attention had been caught, I
distinguished, easily, that it came from somewhere at the East end
of the Pit.

Slowly, I made my way in that direction; the sound growing plainer as I
advanced, until in a little, I stood right above it. Even then, I could
not perceive the cause, until I knelt down, and thrust my head over the
cliff. Here, the noise came up to me, plainly; and I saw, below me, a
torrent of clear water, issuing from a small fissure in the Pit side,
and rushing down the rocks, into the lake beneath. A little further
along the cliff, I saw another, and, beyond that again, two smaller
ones. These, then, would help to account for the quantity of water in
the Pit; and, if the fall of rock and earth had blocked the outlet of
the stream at the bottom, there was little doubt but that it was
contributing a very large share.

Yet, I puzzled my head to account for the generally _shaken_ appearance
of the place--these streamlets, and that huge cleft, further up the
ravine! It seemed to me, that more than the landslip was necessary to
account for these. I could imagine an earthquake, or a great
_explosion_, creating some such condition of affairs as existed; but, of
these, there had been neither. Then, I stood up, quickly, remembering
that crash, and the cloud of dust that had followed, directly, rushing
high into the air. But I shook my head, unbelievingly. No! It must have
been the noise of the falling rocks and earth, I had heard; of course,
the dust would fly, naturally. Still, in spite of my reasoning, I had an
uneasy feeling, that this theory did not satisfy my sense of the
probable; and yet, was any other, that I could suggest, likely to be
half so plausible? Pepper had been sitting on the grass, while I
conducted my examination. Now, as I turned up the North side of the
ravine, he rose and followed.

Slowly, and keeping a careful watch in all directions, I made the
circuit of the Pit; but found little else, that I had not already seen.
From the West end, I could see the four waterfalls, uninterruptedly.
They were some considerable distance up from the surface of the
lake--about fifty feet, I calculated.

For a little while longer, I loitered about; keeping my eyes and ears
open, but still, without seeing or hearing anything suspicious. The
whole place was wonderfully quiet; indeed, save for the continuous
murmur of the water, at the top end, no sound, of any description, broke
the silence.

All this while, Pepper had shown no signs of uneasiness. This seemed,
to me, to indicate that, for the time being, at least, there was none of
the Swine-creatures in the vicinity. So far as I could see, his
attention appeared to have been taken, chiefly, with scratching and
sniffing among the grass at the edge of the Pit. At times, he would
leave the edge, and run along toward the house, as though following
invisible tracks; but, in all cases, returning after a few minutes. I
had little doubt but that he was really tracing out the footsteps of the
Swine-things; and the very fact that each one seemed to lead him back to
the Pit, appeared to me, a proof that the brutes had all returned whence
they came.

At noon, I went home, for dinner. During the afternoon, I made a
partial search of the gardens, accompanied by Pepper; but, without
coming upon anything to indicate the presence of the creatures.

Once, as we made our way through the shrubberies, Pepper rushed in
among some bushes, with a fierce yelp. At that, I jumped back, in sudden
fright, and threw my gun forward, in readiness; only to laugh,
nervously, as Pepper reappeared, chasing an unfortunate cat. Toward
evening, I gave up the search, and returned to the house. All at once,
as we were passing a great clump of bushes, on our right, Pepper
disappeared, and I could hear him sniffing and growling among them, in a
suspicious manner. With my gun barrel, I parted the intervening
shrubbery, and looked inside. There was nothing to be seen, save that
many of the branches were bent down, and broken; as though some animal
had made a lair there, at no very previous date. It was probably, I
thought, one of the places occupied by some of the Swine-creatures, on
the night of the attack.

Next day, I resumed my search through the gardens; but without result.
By evening, I had been right through them, and now, I knew, beyond the
possibility of doubt, that there were no longer any of the Things
concealed about the place. Indeed, I have often thought since, that I
was correct in my earlier surmise, that they had left soon after
the attack.



_XII_

THE SUBTERRANEAN PIT

Another week came and went, during which I spent a great deal of my time
about the Pit mouth. I had come to the conclusion a few days earlier,
that the arched hole, in the angle of the great rift, was the place
through which the Swine-things had made their exit, from some unholy
place in the bowels of the world. How near the probable truth this went,
I was to learn later.

It may be easily understood, that I was tremendously curious, though in
a frightened way, to know to what infernal place that hole led; though,
so far, the idea had not struck me, seriously, of making an
investigation. I was far too much imbued with a sense of horror of the
Swine-creatures, to think of venturing, willingly, where there was any
chance of coming into contact with them.

Gradually, however, as time passed, this feeling grew insensibly less;
so that when, a few days later, the thought occurred to me that it might
be possible to clamber down and have a look into the hole, I was not so
exceedingly averse to it, as might have been imagined. Still, I do not
think, even then, that I really intended to try any such foolhardy
adventure. For all that I could tell, it might be certain death, to
enter that doleful looking opening. And yet, such is the pertinacity of
human curiosity, that, at last, my chief desire was but to discover what
lay beyond that gloomy entrance.

Slowly, as the days slid by, my fear of the Swine-things became an
emotion of the past--more an unpleasant, incredible memory, than
aught else.

Thus, a day came, when, throwing thoughts and fancies adrift, I
procured a rope from the house, and, having made it fast to a stout
tree, at the top of the rift, and some little distance back from the Pit
edge, let the other end down into the cleft, until it dangled right
across the mouth of the dark hole.

Then, cautiously, and with many misgivings as to whether it was not a
mad act that I was attempting, I climbed slowly down, using the rope as
a support, until I reached the hole. Here, still holding on to the rope,
I stood, and peered in. All was perfectly dark, and not a sound came to
me. Yet, a moment later, it seemed that I could hear something. I held
my breath, and listened; but all was silent as the grave, and I breathed
freely once more. At the same instant, I heard the sound again. It was
like a noise of labored breathing--deep and sharp-drawn. For a short
second, I stood, petrified; not able to move. But now the sounds had
ceased again, and I could hear nothing.

As I stood there, anxiously, my foot dislodged a pebble, which fell
inward, into the dark, with a hollow chink. At once, the noise was taken
up and repeated a score of times; each succeeding echo being fainter,
and seeming to travel away from me, as though into remote distance.
Then, as the silence fell again, I heard that stealthy breathing. For
each respiration I made, I could hear an answering breath. The sounds
appeared to be coming nearer; and then, I heard several others; but
fainter and more distant. Why I did not grip the rope, and spring up out
of danger, I cannot say. It was as though I had been paralyzed. I broke
out into a profuse sweat, and tried to moisten my lips with my tongue.
My throat had gone suddenly dry, and I coughed, huskily. It came back to
me, in a dozen, horrible, throaty tones, mockingly. I peered,
helplessly, into the gloom; but still nothing showed. I had a strange,
choky sensation, and again I coughed, dryly. Again the echo took it up,
rising and falling, grotesquely, and dying slowly into a
muffled silence.

Then, suddenly, a thought came to me, and I held my breath. The other
breathing stopped. I breathed again, and, once more, it re-commenced.
But now, I no longer feared. I knew that the strange sounds were not
made by any lurking Swine-creature; but were simply the echo of my own
respirations.

Yet, I had received such a fright, that I was glad to scramble up the
rift, and haul up the rope. I was far too shaken and nervous to think of
entering that dark hole then, and so returned to the house. I felt more
myself next morning; but even then, I could not summon up sufficient
courage to explore the place.

All this time, the water in the Pit had been creeping slowly up, and
now stood but a little below the opening. At the rate at which it was
rising, it would be level with the floor in less than another week; and
I realized that, unless I carried out my investigations soon, I should
probably never do so at all; as the water would rise and rise, until the
opening, itself, was submerged.

It may have been that this thought stirred me to act; but, whatever it
was, a couple of days later, saw me standing at the top of the cleft,
fully equipped for the task.

This time, I was resolved to conquer my shirking, and go right through
with the matter. With this intention, I had brought, in addition to the
rope, a bundle of candles, meaning to use them as a torch; also my
double-barreled shotgun. In my belt, I had a heavy horse-pistol, loaded
with buckshot.

As before, I fastened the rope to the tree. Then, having tied my gun
across my shoulders, with a piece of stout cord, I lowered myself over
the edge of the Pit. At this movement, Pepper, who had been eyeing my
actions, watchfully, rose to his feet, and ran to me, with a half bark,
half wail, it seemed to me, of warning. But I was resolved on my
enterprise, and bade him lie down. I would much have liked to take him
with me; but this was next to impossible, in the existing circumstances.
As my face dropped level with the Pit edge, he licked me, right across
the mouth; and then, seizing my sleeve between his teeth, began to pull
back, strongly. It was very evident that he did not want me to go. Yet,
having made up my mind, I had no intention of giving up the attempt;
and, with a sharp word to Pepper, to release me, I continued my descent,
leaving the poor old fellow at the top, barking and crying like a
forsaken pup.

Carefully, I lowered myself from projection to projection. I knew that
a slip might mean a wetting.

Reaching the entrance, I let go the rope, and untied the gun from my
shoulders. Then, with a last look at the sky--which I noticed was
clouding over, rapidly--I went forward a couple of paces, so as to be
shielded from the wind, and lit one of the candles. Holding it above my
head, and grasping my gun, firmly, I began to move on, slowly, throwing
my glances in all directions.

For the first minute, I could hear the melancholy sound of Pepper's
howling, coming down to me. Gradually, as I penetrated further into the
darkness, it grew fainter; until, in a little while, I could hear
nothing. The path tended downward somewhat, and to the left. Thence it
kept on, still running to the left, until I found that it was leading me
right in the direction of the house.

Very cautiously, I moved onward, stopping, every few steps, to listen.
I had gone, perhaps, a hundred yards, when, suddenly, it seemed to me
that I caught a faint sound, somewhere along the passage behind. With my
heart thudding heavily, I listened. The noise grew plainer, and appeared
to be approaching, rapidly. I could hear it distinctly, now. It was the
soft padding of running feet. In the first moments of fright, I stood,
irresolute; not knowing whether to go forward or backward. Then, with a
sudden realization of the best thing to do, I backed up to the rocky
wall on my right, and, holding the candle above my head, waited--gun in
hand--cursing my foolhardy curiosity, for bringing me into such
a strait.

I had not long to wait, but a few seconds, before two eyes reflected
back from the gloom, the rays of my candle. I raised my gun, using my
right hand only, and aimed quickly. Even as I did so, something leapt
out of the darkness, with a blustering bark of joy that woke the echoes,
like thunder. It was Pepper. How he had contrived to scramble down the
cleft, I could not conceive. As I brushed my hand, nervously, over his
coat, I noticed that he was dripping; and concluded that he must have
tried to follow me, and fallen into the water; from which he would not
find it very difficult to climb.

Having waited a minute, or so, to steady myself, I proceeded along the
way, Pepper following, quietly. I was curiously glad to have the old
fellow with me. He was company, and, somehow, with him at my heels, I
was less afraid. Also, I knew how quickly his keen ears would detect the
presence of any unwelcome creature, should there be such, amid the
darkness that wrapped us.

For some minutes we went slowly along; the path still leading straight
toward the house. Soon, I concluded, we should be standing right beneath
it, did the path but carry far enough. I led the way, cautiously, for
another fifty yards, or so. Then, I stopped, and held the light high;
and reason enough I had to be thankful that I did so; for there, not
three paces forward, the path vanished, and, in place, showed a hollow
blackness, that sent sudden fear through me.

Very cautiously, I crept forward, and peered down; but could see
nothing. Then, I crossed to the left of the passage, to see whether
there might be any continuation of the path. Here, right against the
wall, I found that a narrow track, some three feet wide, led onward.
Carefully, I stepped on to it; but had not gone far, before I regretted
venturing thereon. For, after a few paces, the already narrow way,
resolved itself into a mere ledge, with, on the one side the solid,
unyielding rock, towering up, in a great wall, to the unseen roof, and,
on the other, that yawning chasm. I could not help reflecting how
helpless I was, should I be attacked there, with no room to turn, and
where even the recoil of my weapon might be sufficient to drive me
headlong into the depths below.

To my great relief, a little further on, the track suddenly broadened
out again to its original breadth. Gradually, as I went onward, I
noticed that the path trended steadily to the right, and so, after some
minutes, I discovered that I was not going forward; but simply circling
the huge abyss. I had, evidently, come to the end of the great passage.

Five minutes later, I stood on the spot from which I had started;
having been completely 'round, what I guessed now to be a vast pit, the
mouth of which must be at least a hundred yards across.

For some little time, I stood there, lost in perplexing thought. 'What
does it all mean?' was the cry that had begun to reiterate through
my brain.

A sudden idea struck me, and I searched 'round for a piece of stone.
Presently, I found a bit of rock, about the size of a small loaf.
Sticking the candle upright in a crevice of the floor, I went back from
the edge, somewhat, and, taking a short run, launched the stone forward
into the chasm--my idea being to throw it far enough to keep it clear of
the sides. Then, I stooped forward, and listened; but, though I kept
perfectly quiet, for at least a full minute, no sound came back to me
from out of the dark.

I knew, then, that the depth of the hole must be immense; for the
stone, had it struck anything, was large enough to have set the echoes
of that weird place, whispering for an indefinite period. Even as it
was, the cavern had given back the sounds of my footfalls,
multitudinously. The place was awesome, and I would willingly have
retraced my steps, and left the mysteries of its solitudes unsolved;
only, to do so, meant admitting defeat.

Then, a thought came, to try to get a view of the abyss. It occurred to
me that, if I placed my candles 'round the edge of the hole, I should be
able to get, at least, some dim sight of the place.

I found, on counting, that I had brought fifteen candles, in the
bundle--my first intention having been, as I have already said, to make
a torch of the lot. These, I proceeded to place 'round the Pit mouth,
with an interval of about twenty yards between each.

Having completed the circle, I stood in the passage, and endeavored to
get an idea of how the place looked. But I discovered, immediately, that
they were totally insufficient for my purpose. They did little more than
make the gloom visible. One thing they did, however, and that was, they
confirmed my opinion of the size of the opening; and, although they
showed me nothing that I wanted to see; yet the contrast they afforded
to the heavy darkness, pleased me, curiously. It was as though fifteen
tiny stars shone through the subterranean night.

Then, even as I stood, Pepper gave a sudden howl, that was taken up by
the echoes, and repeated with ghastly variations, dying away, slowly.
With a quick movement, I held aloft the one candle that I had kept, and
glanced down at the dog; at the same moment, I seemed to hear a noise,
like a diabolical chuckle, rise up from the hitherto, silent depths of
the Pit. I started; then, I recollected that it was, probably, the echo
of Pepper's howl.

Pepper had moved away from me, up the passage, a few steps; he was
nosing along the rocky floor; and I thought I heard him lapping. I went
toward him, holding the candle low. As I moved, I heard my boot go sop,
sop; and the light was reflected from something that glistened, and
crept past my feet, swiftly toward the Pit. I bent lower, and looked;
then gave vent to an expression of surprise. From somewhere, higher up
the path, a stream of water was running quickly in the direction of the
great opening, and growing in size every second.

Again, Pepper gave vent to that deep-drawn howl, and, running at me,
seized my coat, and attempted to drag me up the path toward the
entrance. With a nervous gesture, I shook him off, and crossed quickly
over to the left-hand wall. If anything were coming, I was going to have
the wall at my back.

Then, as I stared anxiously up the pathway, my candle caught a gleam,
far up the passage. At the same moment, I became conscious of a
murmurous roar, that grew louder, and filled the whole cavern with
deafening sound. From the Pit, came a deep, hollow echo, like the sob of
a giant. Then, I had sprung to one side, on to the narrow ledge that ran
'round the abyss, and, turning, saw a great wall of foam sweep past me,
and leap tumultuously into the waiting chasm. A cloud of spray burst
over me, extinguishing my candle, and wetting me to the skin. I still
held my gun. The three nearest candles went out; but the further ones
gave only a short flicker. After the first rush, the flow of water eased
down to a steady stream, maybe a foot in depth; though I could not see
this, until I had procured one of the lighted candles, and, with it,
started to reconnoiter. Pepper had, fortunately, followed me as I leapt
for the ledge, and now, very much subdued, kept close behind.

A short examination showed me that the water reached right across the
passage, and was running at a tremendous rate. Already, even as I stood
there, it had deepened. I could make only a guess at what had happened.
Evidently, the water in the ravine had broken into the passage, by some
means. If that were the case, it would go on increasing in volume, until
I should find it impossible to leave the place. The thought was
frightening. It was evident that I must make my exit as hurriedly
as possible.

Taking my gun by the stock, I sounded the water. It was a little under
knee-deep. The noise it made, plunging down into the Pit, was deafening.
Then, with a call to Pepper, I stepped out into the flood, using the gun
as a staff. Instantly, the water boiled up over my knees, and nearly to
the tops of my thighs, with the speed at which it was racing. For one
short moment, I nearly lost my footing; but the thought of what lay
behind, stimulated me to a fierce endeavor, and, step-by-step, I
made headway.

Of Pepper, I knew nothing at first. I had all I could do to keep on my
legs; and was overjoyed, when he appeared beside me. He was wading
manfully along. He is a big dog, with longish thin legs, and I suppose
the water had less grasp on them, than upon mine. Anyway, he managed a
great deal better than I did; going ahead of me, like a guide, and
wittingly--or otherwise--helping, somewhat, to break the force of the
water. On we went, step by step, struggling and gasping, until somewhere
about a hundred yards had been safely traversed. Then, whether it was
because I was taking less care, or that there was a slippery place on
the rocky floor, I cannot say; but, suddenly, I slipped, and fell on my
face. Instantly, the water leapt over me in a cataract, hurling me down,
toward that bottomless hole, at a frightful speed. Frantically I
struggled; but it was impossible to get a footing. I was helpless,
gasping and drowning. All at once, something gripped my coat, and
brought me to a standstill. It was Pepper. Missing me, he must have
raced back, through the dark turmoil, to find me, and then caught, and
held me, until I was able to get to my feet.

I have a dim recollection of having seen, momentarily, the gleams of
several lights; but, of this, I have never been quite sure. If my
impressions are correct, I must have been washed down to the very brink
of that awful chasm, before Pepper managed to bring me to a standstill.
And the lights, of course, could only have been the distant flames of
the candles, I had left burning. But, as I have said, I am not by any
means sure. My eyes were full of water, and I had been badly shaken.

And there was I, without my helpful gun, without light, and sadly
confused, with the water deepening; depending solely upon my old friend
Pepper, to help me out of that hellish place.

I was facing the torrent. Naturally, it was the only way in which I
could have sustained my position a moment; for even old Pepper could not
have held me long against that terrific strain, without assistance,
however blind, from me.

Perhaps a minute passed, during which it was touch and go with me;
then, gradually I re-commenced my tortuous way up the passage. And so
began the grimmest fight with death, from which ever I hope to emerge
victorious. Slowly, furiously, almost hopelessly, I strove; and that
faithful Pepper led me, dragged me, upward and onward, until, at last,
ahead I saw a gleam of blessed light. It was the entrance. Only a few
yards further, and I reached the opening, with the water surging and
boiling hungrily around my loins.

And now I understood the cause of the catastrophe. It was raining
heavily, literally in torrents. The surface of the lake was level with
the bottom of the opening--nay! more than level, it was above it.
Evidently, the rain had swollen the lake, and caused this premature
rise; for, at the rate the ravine had been filling, it would not have
reached the entrance for a couple more days.

Luckily, the rope by which I had descended, was streaming into the
opening, upon the inrushing waters. Seizing the end, I knotted it
securely 'round Pepper's body, then, summoning up the last remnant of my
strength, I commenced to swarm up the side of the cliff. I reached the
Pit edge, in the last stage of exhaustion. Yet, I had to make one more
effort, and haul Pepper into safety.

Slowly and wearily, I hauled on the rope. Once or twice, it seemed that
I should have to give up; for Pepper is a weighty dog, and I was utterly
done. Yet, to let go, would have meant certain death to the old fellow,
and the thought spurred me to greater exertions. I have but a very hazy
remembrance of the end. I recall pulling, through moments that lagged
strangely. I have also some recollection of seeing Pepper's muzzle,
appearing over the Pit edge, after what seemed an indefinite period of
time. Then, all grew suddenly dark.



_XIII_

THE TRAP IN THE GREAT CELLAR

I suppose I must have swooned; for, the next thing I remember, I opened
my eyes, and all was dusk. I was lying on my back, with one leg doubled
under the other, and Pepper was licking my ears. I felt horribly stiff,
and my leg was numb, from the knee, downward. For a few minutes, I lay
thus, in a dazed condition; then, slowly, I struggled to a sitting
position, and looked about me.

It had stopped raining, but the trees still dripped, dismally. From the
Pit, came a continuous murmur of running water. I felt cold and shivery.
My clothes were sodden, and I ached all over. Very slowly, the life came
back into my numbed leg, and, after a little, I essayed to stand up.
This, I managed, at the second attempt; but I was very tottery, and
peculiarly weak. It seemed to me, that I was going to be ill, and I made
shift to stumble my way toward the house. My steps were erratic, and my
head confused. At each step that I took, sharp pains shot through
my limbs.

I had gone, perhaps, some thirty paces, when a cry from Pepper, drew
my attention, and I turned, stiffly, toward him. The old dog was trying
to follow me; but could come no further, owing to the rope, with which I
had hauled him up, being still tied 'round his body, the other end not
having been unfastened from the tree. For a moment, I fumbled with the
knots, weakly; but they were wet and hard, and I could do nothing. Then,
I remembered my knife, and, in a minute, the rope was cut.

How I reached the house, I scarcely know, and, of the days that
followed, I remember still less. Of one thing, I am certain, that, had
it not been for my sister's untiring love and nursing, I had not been
writing at this moment.

When I recovered my senses, it was to find that I had been in bed for
nearly two weeks. Yet another week passed, before I was strong enough to
totter out into the gardens. Even then, I was not able to walk so far as
the Pit. I would have liked to ask my sister, how high the water had
risen; but felt it was wiser not to mention the subject to her. Indeed,
since then, I have made a rule never to speak to her about the strange
things, that happen in this great, old house.

It was not until a couple of days later, that I managed to get across
to the Pit. There, I found that, in my few weeks' absence, there had
been wrought a wondrous change. Instead of the three-parts filled
ravine, I looked out upon a great lake, whose placid surface, reflected
the light, coldly. The water had risen to within half a dozen feet of
the Pit edge. Only in one part was the lake disturbed, and that was
above the place where, far down under the silent waters, yawned the
entrance to the vast, underground Pit. Here, there was a continuous
bubbling; and, occasionally, a curious sort of sobbing gurgle would find
its way up from the depth. Beyond these, there was nothing to tell of
the things that were hidden beneath. As I stood there, it came to me
how wonderfully things had worked out. The entrance to the place whence
the Swine-creatures had come, was sealed up, by a power that made me
feel there was nothing more to fear from them. And yet, with the
feeling, there was a sensation that, now, I should never learn anything
further, of the place from which those dreadful Things had come. It was
completely shut off and concealed from human curiosity forever.

Strange--in the knowledge of that underground hell-hole--how apposite
has been the naming of the Pit. One wonders how it originated, and when.
Naturally, one concludes that the shape and depth of the ravine would
suggest the name 'Pit.' Yet, is it not possible that it has, all along,
held a deeper significance, a hint--could one but have guessed--of the
greater, more stupendous Pit that lies far down in the earth, beneath
this old house? Under this house! Even now, the idea is strange and
terrible to me. For I have proved, beyond doubt, that the Pit yawns
right below the house, which is evidently supported, somewhere above the
center of it, upon a tremendous, arched roof, of solid rock.

It happened in this wise, that, having occasion to go down to the
cellars, the thought occurred to me to pay a visit to the great vault,
where the trap is situated; and see whether everything was as I had
left it.

Reaching the place, I walked slowly up the center, until I came to the
trap. There it was, with the stones piled upon it, just as I had seen it
last. I had a lantern with me, and the idea came to me, that now would
be a good time to investigate whatever lay under the great, oak slab.
Placing the lantern on the floor, I tumbled the stones off the trap,
and, grasping the ring, pulled the door open. As I did so, the cellar
became filled with the sound of a murmurous thunder, that rose from far
below. At the same time, a damp wind blew up into my face, bringing
with it a load of fine spray. Therewith, I dropped the trap, hurriedly,
with a half frightened feeling of wonder.

For a moment, I stood puzzled. I was not particularly afraid. The
haunting fear of the Swine-things had left me, long ago; but I was
certainly nervous and astonished. Then, a sudden thought possessed me,
and I raised the ponderous door, with a feeling of excitement. Leaving
it standing upon its end, I seized the lantern, and, kneeling down,
thrust it into the opening. As I did so, the moist wind and spray drove
in my eyes, making me unable to see, for a few moments. Even when my
eyes were clear, I could distinguish nothing below me, save darkness,
and whirling spray.

Seeing that it was useless to expect to make out anything, with the
light so high, I felt in my pockets for a piece of twine, with which to
lower it further into the opening. Even as I fumbled, the lantern
slipped from my fingers, and hurtled down into the darkness. For a brief
instant, I watched its fall, and saw the light shine on a tumult of
white foam, some eighty or a hundred feet below me. Then it was gone. My
sudden surmise was correct, and now, I knew the cause of the wet and
noise. The great cellar was connected with the Pit, by means of the
trap, which opened right above it; and the moisture, was the spray,
rising from the water, falling into the depths.

In an instant, I had an explanation of certain things, that had
hitherto puzzled me. Now, I could understand why the noises--on the
first night of the invasion--had seemed to rise directly from under my
feet. And the chuckle that had sounded when first I opened the trap!
Evidently, some of the Swine-things must have been right beneath me.

Another thought struck me. Were the creatures all drowned? Would they
drown? I remembered how unable I had been to find any traces to show
that my shooting had been really fatal. Had they life, as we understand
life, or were they ghouls? These thoughts flashed through my brain, as I
stood in the dark, searching my pockets for matches. I had the box in my
hand now, and, striking a light, I stepped to the trap door, and closed
it. Then, I piled the stones back upon it; after which, I made my way
out from the cellars.

And so, I suppose the water goes on, thundering down into that
bottomless hell-pit. Sometimes, I have an inexplicable desire to go down
to the great cellar, open the trap, and gaze into the impenetrable,
spray-damp darkness. At times, the desire becomes almost overpowering,
in its intensity. It is not mere curiosity, that prompts me; but more as
though some unexplained influence were at work. Still, I never go; and
intend to fight down the strange longing, and crush it; even as I would
the unholy thought of self-destruction.

This idea of some intangible force being exerted, may seem reasonless.
Yet, my instinct warns me, that it is not so. In these things, reason
seems to me less to be trusted than instinct.

One thought there is, in closing, that impresses itself upon me, with
ever growing insistence. It is, that I live in a very strange house; a
very awful house. And I have begun to wonder whether I am doing wisely
in staying here. Yet, if I left, where could I go, and still obtain the
solitude, and the sense of her presence,[1] that alone make my old
life bearable?



_XIV_

THE SEA OF SLEEP

For a considerable period after the last incident which I have narrated
in my diary, I had serious thoughts of leaving this house, and might
have done so; but for the great and wonderful thing, of which I am
about to write.

How well I was advised, in my heart, when I stayed on here--spite of
those visions and sights of unknown and unexplainable things; for, had I
not stayed, then I had not seen again the face of her I loved. Yes,
though few know it, none now save my sister Mary, I have loved and,
ah! me--lost.

I would write down the story of those sweet, old days; but it would be
like the tearing of old wounds; yet, after that which has happened, what
need have I to care? For she has come to me out of the unknown.
Strangely, she warned me; warned me passionately against this house;
begged me to leave it; but admitted, when I questioned her, that she
could not have come to me, had I been elsewhere. Yet, in spite of this,
still she warned me, earnestly; telling me that it was a place, long
ago given over to evil, and under the power of grim laws, of which none
here have knowledge. And I--I just asked her, again, whether she would
come to me elsewhere, and she could only stand, silent.

It was thus, that I came to the place of the Sea of Sleep--so she
termed it, in her dear speech with me. I had stayed up, in my study,
reading; and must have dozed over the book. Suddenly, I awoke and sat
upright, with a start. For a moment, I looked 'round, with a puzzled
sense of something unusual. There was a misty look about the room,
giving a curious softness to each table and chair and furnishing.

Gradually, the mistiness increased; growing, as it were, out of
nothing. Then, slowly, a soft, white light began to glow in the room.
The flames of the candles shone through it, palely. I looked from side
to side, and found that I could still see each piece of furniture; but
in a strangely unreal way, more as though the ghost of each table and
chair had taken the place of the solid article.

Gradually, as I looked, I saw them fade and fade; until, slowly, they
resolved into nothingness. Now, I looked again at the candles. They
shone wanly, and, even as I watched, grew more unreal, and so vanished.
The room was filled, now, with a soft, yet luminous, white twilight,
like a gentle mist of light. Beyond this, I could see nothing. Even the
walls had vanished.

Presently, I became conscious that a faint, continuous sound, pulsed
through the silence that wrapped me. I listened intently. It grew more
distinct, until it appeared to me that I harked to the breathings of
some great sea. I cannot tell how long a space passed thus; but, after a
while, it seemed that I could see through the mistiness; and, slowly, I
became aware that I was standing upon the shore of an immense and silent
sea. This shore was smooth and long, vanishing to right and left of me,
in extreme distances. In front, swam a still immensity of sleeping
ocean. At times, it seemed to me that I caught a faint glimmer of light,
under its surface; but of this, I could not be sure. Behind me, rose up,
to an extraordinary height, gaunt, black cliffs.

Overhead, the sky was of a uniform cold grey color--the whole place
being lit by a stupendous globe of pale fire, that swam a little above
the far horizon, and shed a foamlike light above the quiet waters.

Beyond the gentle murmur of the sea, an intense stillness prevailed.
For a long while, I stayed there, looking out across its strangeness.
Then, as I stared, it seemed that a bubble of white foam floated up out
of the depths, and then, even now I know not how it was, I was looking
upon, nay, looking _into_ the face of Her--aye! into her face--into her
soul; and she looked back at me, with such a commingling of joy and
sadness, that I ran toward her, blindly; crying strangely to her, in a
very agony of remembrance, of terror, and of hope, to come to me. Yet,
spite of my crying, she stayed out there upon the sea, and only shook
her head, sorrowfully; but, in her eyes was the old earth-light of
tenderness, that I had come to know, before all things, ere we
were parted.

"At her perverseness, I grew desperate, and essayed to wade out to her;
yet, though I would, I could not. Something, some invisible barrier,
held me back, and I was fain to stay where I was, and cry out to her in
the fullness of my soul, 'O, my Darling, my Darling--' but could say no
more, for very intensity. And, at that, she came over, swiftly, and
touched me, and it was as though heaven had opened. Yet, when I reached
out my hands to her, she put me from her with tenderly stern hands, and
I was abashed--"



THE FRAGMENTS[2]

(_The legible portions of the mutilated leaves_.)

... through tears ... noise of eternity in my ears, we parted ... She
whom I love. O, my God ...!

I was a great time dazed, and then I was alone in the blackness of the
night. I knew that I journeyed back, once more, to the known universe.
Presently, I emerged from that enormous darkness. I had come among the
stars ... vast time ... the sun, far and remote.

I entered into the gulf that separates our system from the outer suns.
As I sped across the dividing dark, I watched, steadily, the
ever-growing brightness and size of our sun. Once, I glanced back to the
stars, and saw them shift, as it were, in my wake, against the mighty
background of night, so vast was the speed of my passing spirit.

I drew nigher to our system, and now I could see the shine of Jupiter.
Later, I distinguished the cold, blue gleam of the earthlight.... I had
a moment of bewilderment. All about the sun there seemed to be bright,
objects, moving in rapid orbits. Inward, nigh to the savage glory of the
sun, there circled two darting points of light, and, further off, there
flew a blue, shining speck, that I knew to be the earth. It circled the
sun in a space that seemed to be no more than an earth-minute.

... nearer with great speed. I saw the radiances of Jupiter and
Saturn, spinning, with incredible swiftness, in huge orbits. And ever I
drew more nigh, and looked out upon this strange sight--the visible
circling of the planets about the mother sun. It was as though time had
been annihilated for me; so that a year was no more to my unfleshed
spirit, than is a moment to an earth-bound soul.

The speed of the planets, appeared to increase; and, presently, I was
watching the sun, all ringed about with hair-like circles of different
 fire--the paths of the planets, hurtling at mighty speed, about
the central flame....

"... the sun grew vast, as though it leapt to meet me.... And now I was
within the circling of the outer planets, and flitting swiftly, toward
the place where the earth, glimmering through the blue splendor of its
orbit, as though a fiery mist, circled the sun at a monstrous
speed...." [3]



_XV_

THE NOISE IN THE NIGHT

And now, I come to the strangest of all the strange happenings that
have befallen me in this house of mysteries. It occurred quite
lately--within the month; and I have little doubt but that what I saw
was in reality the end of all things. However, to my story.

I do not know how it is; but, up to the present, I have never been able
to write these things down, directly they happened. It is as though I
have to wait a time, recovering my just balance, and digesting--as it
were--the things I have heard or seen. No doubt, this is as it should
be; for, by waiting, I see the incidents more truly, and write of them
in a calmer and more judicial frame of mind. This by the way.

It is now the end of November. My story relates to what happened in the
first week of the month.

It was night, about eleven o'clock. Pepper and I kept one another
company in the study--that great, old room of mine, where I read and
work. I was reading, curiously enough, the Bible. I have begun, in these
later days, to take a growing interest in that great and ancient book.
Suddenly, a distinct tremor shook the house, and there came a faint and
distant, whirring buzz, that grew rapidly into a far, muffled screaming.
It reminded me, in a queer, gigantic way, of the noise that a clock
makes, when the catch is released, and it is allowed to run down. The
sound appeared to come from some remote height--somewhere up in the
night. There was no repetition of the shock. I looked across at Pepper.
He was sleeping peacefully.

Gradually, the whirring noise decreased, and there came a long silence.

All at once, a glow lit up the end window, which protrudes far out from
the side of the house, so that, from it, one may look both East and
West. I felt puzzled, and, after a moment's hesitation, walked across
the room, and pulled aside the blind. As I did so, I saw the Sun rise,
from behind the horizon. It rose with a steady, perceptible movement. I
could see it travel upward. In a minute, it seemed, it had reached the
tops of the trees, through which I had watched it. Up, up--It was broad
daylight now. Behind me, I was conscious of a sharp, mosquito-like
buzzing. I glanced 'round, and knew that it came from the clock. Even as
I looked, it marked off an hour. The minute hand was moving 'round the
dial, faster than an ordinary second-hand. The hour hand moved quickly
from space to space. I had a numb sense of astonishment. A moment later,
so it seemed, the two candles went out, almost together. I turned
swiftly back to the window; for I had seen the shadow of the
window-frames, traveling along the floor toward me, as though a great
lamp had been carried up past the window.

I saw now, that the sun had risen high into the heavens, and was still
visibly moving. It passed above the house, with an extraordinary sailing
kind of motion. As the window came into shadow, I saw another
extraordinary thing. The fine-weather clouds were not passing, easily,
across the sky--they were scampering, as though a hundred-mile-an-hour
wind blew. As they passed, they changed their shapes a thousand times a
minute, as though writhing with a strange life; and so were gone. And,
presently, others came, and whisked away likewise.

To the West, I saw the sun, drop with an incredible, smooth, swift
motion. Eastward, the shadows of every seen thing crept toward the
coming greyness. And the movement of the shadows was visible to me--a
stealthy, writhing creep of the shadows of the wind-stirred trees. It
was a strange sight.

Quickly, the room began to darken. The sun slid down to the horizon,
and seemed, as it were, to disappear from my sight, almost with a jerk.
Through the greyness of the swift evening, I saw the silver crescent of
the moon, falling out of the Southern sky, toward the West. The evening
seemed to merge into an almost instant night. Above me, the many
constellations passed in a strange, 'noiseless' circling, Westward. The
moon fell through that last thousand fathoms of the night-gulf, and
there was only the starlight....

About this time, the buzzing in the corner ceased; telling me that the
clock had run down. A few minutes passed, and I saw the Eastward sky
lighten. A grey, sullen morning spread through all the darkness, and hid
the march of the stars. Overhead, there moved, with a heavy, everlasting
rolling, a vast, seamless sky of grey clouds--a cloud-sky that would
have seemed motionless, through all the length of an ordinary earth-day.
The sun was hidden from me; but, from moment to moment, the world would
brighten and darken, brighten and darken, beneath waves of subtle light
and shadow....

The light shifted ever Westward, and the night fell upon the earth. A
vast rain seemed to come with it, and a wind of a most extraordinary
loudness--as though the howling of a nightlong gale, were packed into
the space of no more than a minute.

This noise passed, almost immediately, and the clouds broke; so that,
once more, I could see the sky. The stars were flying Westward, with
astounding speed. It came to me now, for the first time, that, though
the noise of the wind had passed, yet a constant 'blurred' sound was in
my ears. Now that I noticed it, I was aware that it had been with me all
the time. It was the world-noise.

And then, even as I grasped at so much comprehension, there came the
Eastward light. No more than a few heartbeats, and the sun rose,
swiftly. Through the trees, I saw it, and then it was above the trees.
Up--up, it soared and all the world was light. It passed, with a swift,
steady swing to its highest altitude, and fell thence, Westward. I saw
the day roll visibly over my head. A few light clouds flittered
Northward, and vanished. The sun went down with one swift, clear plunge,
and there was about me, for a few seconds, the darker growing grey of
the gloaming.

Southward and Westward, the moon was sinking rapidly. The night had
come, already. A minute it seemed, and the moon fell those remaining
fathoms of dark sky. Another minute, or so, and the Eastward sky glowed
with the coming dawn. The sun leapt upon me with a frightening
abruptness, and soared ever more swiftly toward the zenith. Then,
suddenly, a fresh thing came to my sight. A black thundercloud rushed up
out of the South, and seemed to leap all the arc of the sky, in a single
instant. As it came, I saw that its advancing edge flapped, like a
monstrous black cloth in the heaven, twirling and undulating rapidly,
with a horrid suggestiveness. In an instant, all the air was full of
rain, and a hundred lightning flashes seemed to flood downward, as it
were in one great shower. In the same second of time, the world-noise
was drowned in the roar of the wind, and then my ears ached, under the
stunning impact of the thunder.

And, in the midst of this storm, the night came; and then, within the
space of another minute, the storm had passed, and there was only the
constant 'blur' of the world-noise on my hearing. Overhead, the stars
were sliding quickly Westward; and something, mayhaps the particular
speed to which they had attained, brought home to me, for the first
time, a keen realization of the knowledge that it was the world that
revolved. I seemed to see, suddenly, the world--a vast, dark
mass--revolving visibly against the stars.

The dawn and the sun seemed to come together, so greatly had the speed
of the world-revolution increased. The sun drove up, in one long, steady
curve; passed its highest point, and swept down into the Western sky,
and disappeared. I was scarcely conscious of evening, so brief was it.
Then I was watching the flying constellations, and the Westward
hastening moon. In but a space of seconds, so it seemed, it was sliding
swiftly downward through the night-blue, and then was gone. And, almost
directly, came the morning.

And now there seemed to come a strange acceleration. The sun made one
clean, clear sweep through the sky, and disappeared behind the Westward
horizon, and the night came and went with a like haste.

As the succeeding day, opened and closed upon the world, I was aware of
a sweat of snow, suddenly upon the earth. The night came, and, almost
immediately, the day. In the brief leap of the sun, I saw that the snow
had vanished; and then, once more, it was night.

Thus matters were; and, even after the many incredible things that I
have seen, I experienced all the time a most profound awe. To see the
sun rise and set, within a space of time to be measured by seconds; to
watch (after a little) the moon leap--a pale, and ever growing orb--up
into the night sky, and glide, with a strange swiftness, through the
vast arc of blue; and, presently, to see the sun follow, springing out
of the Eastern sky, as though in chase; and then again the night, with
the swift and ghostly passing of starry constellations, was all too much
to view believingly. Yet, so it was--the day slipping from dawn to dusk,
and the night sliding swiftly into day, ever rapidly and more rapidly.

The last three passages of the sun had shown me a snow-covered earth,
which, at night, had seemed, for a few seconds, incredibly weird under
the fast-shifting light of the soaring and falling moon. Now, however,
for a little space, the sky was hidden, by a sea of swaying,
leaden-white clouds, which lightened and blackened, alternately, with
the passage of day and night.

The clouds rippled and vanished, and there was once more before me, the
vision of the swiftly leaping sun, and nights that came and went
like shadows.

Faster and faster, spun the world. And now each day and night was
completed within the space of but a few seconds; and still the speed
increased.

It was a little later, that I noticed that the sun had begun to have
the suspicion of a trail of fire behind it. This was due, evidently, to
the speed at which it, apparently, traversed the heavens. And, as the
days sped, each one quicker than the last, the sun began to assume the
appearance of a vast, flaming comet[4] flaring across the sky at short,
periodic intervals. At night, the moon presented, with much greater
truth, a comet-like aspect; a pale, and singularly clear, fast traveling
shape of fire, trailing streaks of cold flame. The stars showed now,
merely as fine hairs of fire against the dark.

Once, I turned from the window, and glanced at Pepper. In the flash of
a day, I saw that he slept, quietly, and I moved once more to
my watching.

The sun was now bursting up from the Eastern horizon, like a stupendous
rocket, seeming to occupy no more than a second or two in hurling from
East to West. I could no longer perceive the passage of clouds across
the sky, which seemed to have darkened somewhat. The brief nights,
appeared to have lost the proper darkness of night; so that the hair-like
fire of the flying stars, showed but dimly. As the speed increased, the
sun began to sway very slowly in the sky, from South to North, and then,
slowly again, from North to South.

So, amid a strange confusion of mind, the hours passed.

All this while had Pepper slept. Presently, feeling lonely and
distraught, I called to him, softly; but he took no notice. Again, I
called, raising my voice slightly; still he moved not. I walked over to
where he lay, and touched him with my foot, to rouse him. At the action,
gentle though it was, he fell to pieces. That is what happened; he
literally and actually crumbled into a mouldering heap of bones
and dust.

For the space of, perhaps a minute, I stared down at the shapeless
heap, that had once been Pepper. I stood, feeling stunned. What can have
happened? I asked myself; not at once grasping the grim significance of
that little hill of ash. Then, as I stirred the heap with my foot, it
occurred to me that this could only happen in a great space of time.
Years--and years.

Outside, the weaving, fluttering light held the world. Inside, I stood,
trying to understand what it meant--what that little pile of dust and
dry bones, on the carpet, meant. But I could not think, coherently.

I glanced away, 'round the room, and now, for the first time, noticed
how dusty and old the place looked. Dust and dirt everywhere; piled in
little heaps in the corners, and spread about upon the furniture. The
very carpet, itself, was invisible beneath a coating of the same, all
pervading, material. As I walked, little clouds of the stuff rose up
from under my footsteps, and assailed my nostrils, with a dry, bitter
odor that made me wheeze, huskily.

Suddenly, as my glance fell again upon Pepper's remains, I stood still,
and gave voice to my confusion--questioning, aloud, whether the years
were, indeed, passing; whether this, which I had taken to be a form of
vision, was, in truth, a reality. I paused. A new thought had struck me.
Quickly, but with steps which, for the first time, I noticed, tottered,
I went across the room to the great pier-glass, and looked in. It was
too covered with grime, to give back any reflection, and, with trembling
hands, I began to rub off the dirt. Presently, I could see myself. The
thought that had come to me, was confirmed. Instead of the great, hale
man, who scarcely looked fifty, I was looking at a bent, decrepit man,
whose shoulders stooped, and whose face was wrinkled with the years of a
century. The hair--which a few short hours ago had been nearly coal
black--was now silvery white. Only the eyes were bright. Gradually, I
traced, in that ancient man, a faint resemblance to my self of
other days.

I turned away, and tottered to the window. I knew, now, that I was old,
and the knowledge seemed to confirm my trembling walk. For a little
space, I stared moodily out into the blurred vista of changeful
landscape. Even in that short time, a year passed, and, with a petulant
gesture, I left the window. As I did so, I noticed that my hand shook
with the palsy of old age; and a short sob choked its way through
my lips.

For a little while, I paced, tremulously, between the window and the
table; my gaze wandering hither and thither, uneasily. How dilapidated
the room was. Everywhere lay the thick dust--thick, sleepy, and black.
The fender was a shape of rust. The chains that held the brass
clock-weights, had rusted through long ago, and now the weights lay on
the floor beneath; themselves two cones of verdigris.

As I glanced about, it seemed to me that I could see the very furniture
of the room rotting and decaying before my eyes. Nor was this fancy, on
my part; for, all at once, the bookshelf, along the sidewall, collapsed,
with a cracking and rending of rotten wood, precipitating its contents
upon the floor, and filling the room with a smother of dusty atoms.

How tired I felt. As I walked, it seemed that I could hear my dry
joints, creak and crack at every step. I wondered about my sister. Was
she dead, as well as Pepper? All had happened so quickly and suddenly.
This must be, indeed, the beginning of the end of all things! It
occurred to me, to go to look for her; but I felt too weary. And then,
she had been so queer about these happenings, of late. Of late! I
repeated the words, and laughed, feebly--mirthlessly, as the realization
was borne in upon me that I spoke of a time, half a century gone. Half a
century! It might have been twice as long!

I moved slowly to the window, and looked out once more across the
world. I can best describe the passage of day and night, at this period,
as a sort of gigantic, ponderous flicker. Moment by moment, the
acceleration of time continued; so that, at nights now, I saw the moon,
only as a swaying trail of palish fire, that varied from a mere line of
light to a nebulous path, and then dwindled again, disappearing
periodically.

The flicker of the days and nights quickened. The days had grown
perceptibly darker, and a queer quality of dusk lay, as it were, in the
atmosphere. The nights were so much lighter, that the stars were
scarcely to be seen, saving here and there an occasional hair-like line
of fire, that seemed to sway a little, with the moon.

Quicker, and ever quicker, ran the flicker of day and night; and,
suddenly it seemed, I was aware that the flicker had died out, and,
instead, there reigned a comparatively steady light, which was shed upon
all the world, from an eternal river of flame that swung up and down,
North and South, in stupendous, mighty swings.

The sky was now grown very much darker, and there was in the blue of it
a heavy gloom, as though a vast blackness peered through it upon the
earth. Yet, there was in it, also, a strange and awful clearness, and
emptiness. Periodically, I had glimpses of a ghostly track of fire that
swayed thin and darkly toward the sun-stream; vanished and reappeared.
It was the scarcely visible moon-stream.

Looking out at the landscape, I was conscious again, of a blurring sort
of 'flitter,' that came either from the light of the ponderous-swinging
sun-stream, or was the result of the incredibly rapid changes of the
earth's surface. And every few moments, so it seemed, the snow would lie
suddenly upon the world, and vanish as abruptly, as though an invisible
giant 'flitted' a white sheet off and on the earth.

Time fled, and the weariness that was mine, grew insupportable. I
turned from the window, and walked once across the room, the heavy dust
deadening the sound of my footsteps. Each step that I took, seemed a
greater effort than the one before. An intolerable ache, knew me in
every joint and limb, as I trod my way, with a weary uncertainty.

By the opposite wall, I came to a weak pause, and wondered, dimly, what
was my intent. I looked to my left, and saw my old chair. The thought of
sitting in it brought a faint sense of comfort to my bewildered
wretchedness. Yet, because I was so weary and old and tired, I would
scarcely brace my mind to do anything but stand, and wish myself past
those few yards. I rocked, as I stood. The floor, even, seemed a place
for rest; but the dust lay so thick and sleepy and black. I turned, with
a great effort of will, and made toward my chair. I reached it, with a
groan of thankfulness. I sat down.

Everything about me appeared to be growing dim. It was all so strange
and unthought of. Last night, I was a comparatively strong, though
elderly man; and now, only a few hours later--! I looked at the little
dust-heap that had once been Pepper. Hours! and I laughed, a feeble,
bitter laugh; a shrill, cackling laugh, that shocked my dimming senses.

For a while, I must have dozed. Then I opened my eyes, with a start.
Somewhere across the room, there had been a muffled noise of something
falling. I looked, and saw, vaguely, a cloud of dust hovering above a
pile of _debris_. Nearer the door, something else tumbled, with a crash.
It was one of the cupboards; but I was tired, and took little notice. I
closed my eyes, and sat there in a state of drowsy, semi-unconsciousness.
Once or twice--as though coming through thick mists--I heard noises,
faintly. Then I must have slept.



_XVI_

THE AWAKENING

I awoke, with a start. For a moment, I wondered where I was. Then
memory came to me....

The room was still lit with that strange light--half-sun, half-moon,
light. I felt refreshed, and the tired, weary ache had left me. I went
slowly across to the window, and looked out. Overhead, the river of
flame drove up and down, North and South, in a dancing semi-circle of
fire. As a mighty sleigh in the loom of time it seemed--in a sudden
fancy of mine--to be beating home the picks of the years. For, so vastly
had the passage of time been accelerated, that there was no longer any
sense of the sun passing from East to West. The only apparent movement
was the North and South beat of the sun-stream, that had become so swift
now, as to be better described as a _quiver_.

As I peered out, there came to me a sudden, inconsequent memory of that
last journey among the Outer worlds. I remembered the sudden vision that
had come to me, as I neared the Solar System, of the fast whirling
planets about the sun--as though the governing quality of time had been
held in abeyance, and the Machine of a Universe allowed to run down an
eternity, in a few moments or hours. The memory passed, along with a,
but partially comprehended, suggestion that I had been permitted a
glimpse into further time spaces. I stared out again, seemingly, at the
quake of the sun-stream. The speed seemed to increase, even as I looked.
Several lifetimes came and went, as I watched.

Suddenly, it struck me, with a sort of grotesque seriousness, that I
was still alive. I thought of Pepper, and wondered how it was that I had
not followed his fate. He had reached the time of his dying, and had
passed, probably through sheer length of years. And here was I, alive,
hundreds of thousands of centuries after my rightful period of years.

For, a time, I mused, absently. 'Yesterday--' I stopped, suddenly.
Yesterday! There was no yesterday. The yesterday of which I spoke had
been swallowed up in the abyss of years, ages gone. I grew dazed with
much thinking.

Presently, I turned from the window, and glanced 'round the room. It
seemed different--strangely, utterly different. Then, I knew what it was
that made it appear so strange. It was bare: there was not a piece of
furniture in the room; not even a solitary fitting of any sort.
Gradually, my amazement went, as I remembered, that this was but the
inevitable end of that process of decay, which I had witnessed
commencing, before my sleep. Thousands of years! Millions of years!

Over the floor was spread a deep layer of dust, that reached half way
up to the window-seat. It had grown immeasurably, whilst I slept; and
represented the dust of untold ages. Undoubtedly, atoms of the old,
decayed furniture helped to swell its bulk; and, somewhere among it all,
mouldered the long-ago-dead Pepper.

All at once, it occurred to me, that I had no recollection of wading
knee-deep through all that dust, after I awoke. True, an incredible age
of years had passed, since I approached the window; but that was
evidently as nothing, compared with the countless spaces of time that, I
conceived, had vanished whilst I was sleeping. I remembered now, that I
had fallen asleep, sitting in my old chair. Had it gone ...? I glanced
toward where it had stood. Of course, there was no chair to be seen. I
could not satisfy myself, whether it had disappeared, after my waking,
or before. If it had mouldered under me, surely, I should have been
waked by the collapse. Then I remembered that the thick dust, which
covered the floor, would have been sufficient to soften my fall; so that
it was quite possible, I had slept upon the dust for a million years
or more.

As these thoughts wandered through my brain, I glanced again, casually,
to where the chair had stood. Then, for the first time, I noticed that
there were no marks, in the dust, of my footprints, between it and the
window. But then, ages of years had passed, since I had awaked--tens of
thousands of years!

My look rested thoughtfully, again upon the place where once had stood
my chair. Suddenly, I passed from abstraction to intentness; for there,
in its standing place, I made out a long undulation, rounded off with
the heavy dust. Yet it was not so much hidden, but that I could tell
what had caused it. I knew--and shivered at the knowledge--that it was a
human body, ages-dead, lying there, beneath the place where I had slept.
It was lying on its right side, its back turned toward me. I could make
out and trace each curve and outline, softened, and moulded, as it were,
in the black dust. In a vague sort of way, I tried to account for its
presence there. Slowly, I began to grow bewildered, as the thought came
to me that it lay just about where I must have fallen when the chair
collapsed.

Gradually, an idea began to form itself within my brain; a thought that
shook my spirit. It seemed hideous and insupportable; yet it grew upon
me, steadily, until it became a conviction. The body under that coating,
that shroud of dust, was neither more nor less than my own dead shell. I
did not attempt to prove it. I knew it now, and wondered I had not known
it all along. I was a bodiless thing.

Awhile, I stood, trying to adjust my thoughts to this new problem. In
time--how many thousands of years, I know not--I attained to some degree
of quietude--sufficient to enable me to pay attention to what was
transpiring around me.

Now, I saw that the elongated mound had sunk, collapsed, level with the
rest of the spreading dust. And fresh atoms, impalpable, had settled
above that mixture of grave-powder, which the aeons had ground. A long
while, I stood, turned from the window. Gradually, I grew more
collected, while the world slipped across the centuries into the future.

Presently, I began a survey of the room. Now, I saw that time was
beginning its destructive work, even on this strange old building. That
it had stood through all the years was, it seemed to me, proof that it
was something different from any other house. I do not think, somehow,
that I had thought of its decaying. Though, why, I could not have said.
It was not until I had meditated upon the matter, for some considerable
time, that I fully realized that the extraordinary space of time through
which it had stood, was sufficient to have utterly pulverized the very
stones of which it was built, had they been taken from any earthly
quarry. Yes, it was undoubtedly mouldering now. All the plaster had gone
from the walls; even as the woodwork of the room had gone, many
ages before.

While I stood, in contemplation, a piece of glass, from one of the
small, diamond-shaped panes, dropped, with a dull tap, amid the dust
upon the sill behind me, and crumbled into a little heap of powder. As I
turned from contemplating it, I saw light between a couple of the stones
that formed the outer wall. Evidently, the mortar was falling away....

After awhile, I turned once more to the window, and peered out. I
discovered, now, that the speed of time had become enormous. The lateral
quiver of the sun-stream, had grown so swift as to cause the dancing
semi-circle of flame to merge into, and disappear in, a sheet of fire
that covered half the Southern sky from East to West.

From the sky, I glanced down to the gardens. They were just a blur of a
palish, dirty green. I had a feeling that they stood higher, than in the
old days; a feeling that they were nearer my window, as though they had
risen, bodily. Yet, they were still a long way below me; for the rock,
over the mouth of the pit, on which this house stands, arches up to a
great height.

It was later, that I noticed a change in the constant color of the
gardens. The pale, dirty green was growing ever paler and paler, toward
white. At last, after a great space, they became greyish-white, and
stayed thus for a very long time. Finally, however, the greyness began
to fade, even as had the green, into a dead white. And this remained,
constant and unchanged. And by this I knew that, at last, snow lay upon
all the Northern world.

And so, by millions of years, time winged onward through eternity, to
the end--the end, of which, in the old-earth days, I had thought
remotely, and in hazily speculative fashion. And now, it was approaching
in a manner of which none had ever dreamed.

I recollect that, about this time, I began to have a lively, though
morbid, curiosity, as to what would happen when the end came--but I
seemed strangely without imaginings.

All this while, the steady process of decay was continuing. The few
remaining pieces of glass, had long ago vanished; and, every now and
then, a soft thud, and a little cloud of rising dust, would tell of some
fragment of fallen mortar or stone.

I looked up again, to the fiery sheet that quaked in the heavens above
me and far down into the Southern sky. As I looked, the impression was
borne in upon me, that it had lost some of its first brilliancy--that it
was duller, deeper hued.

I glanced down, once more, to the blurred white of the worldscape.
Sometimes, my look returned to the burning sheet of dulling flame, that
was, and yet hid, the sun. At times, I glanced behind me, into the
growing dusk of the great, silent room, with its aeon-carpet of
sleeping dust....

So, I watched through the fleeting ages, lost in soul-wearing thoughts
and wonderings, and possessed with a new weariness.



_XVII_

THE SLOWING ROTATION

It might have been a million years later, that I perceived, beyond
possibility of doubt, that the fiery sheet that lit the world, was
indeed darkening.

Another vast space went by, and the whole enormous flame had sunk to a
deep, copper color. Gradually, it darkened, from copper to copper-red,
and from this, at times, to a deep, heavy, purplish tint, with, in it, a
strange loom of blood.

Although the light was decreasing, I could perceive no diminishment in
the apparent speed of the sun. It still spread itself in that dazzling
veil of speed.

The world, so much of it as I could see, had assumed a dreadful shade
of gloom, as though, in very deed, the last day of the worlds
approached.

The sun was dying; of that there could be little doubt; and still the
earth whirled onward, through space and all the aeons. At this time, I
remember, an extraordinary sense of bewilderment took me. I found
myself, later, wandering, mentally, amid an odd chaos of fragmentary
modern theories and the old Biblical story of the world's ending.

Then, for the first time, there flashed across me, the memory that the
sun, with its system of planets, was, and had been, traveling through
space at an incredible speed. Abruptly, the question rose--_Where?_ For
a very great time, I pondered this matter; but, finally, with a certain
sense of the futility of my puzzlings, I let my thoughts wander to other
things. I grew to wondering, how much longer the house would stand.
Also, I queried, to myself, whether I should be doomed to stay,
bodiless, upon the earth, through the dark-time that I knew was coming.
From these thoughts, I fell again to speculations upon the possible
direction of the sun's journey through space.... And so another great
while passed.

Gradually, as time fled, I began to feel the chill of a great winter.
Then, I remembered that, with the sun dying, the cold must be,
necessarily, extraordinarily intense. Slowly, slowly, as the aeons
slipped into eternity, the earth sank into a heavier and redder gloom.
The dull flame in the firmament took on a deeper tint, very somber
and turbid.

Then, at last, it was borne upon me that there was a change. The fiery,
gloomy curtain of flame that hung quaking overhead, and down away into
the Southern sky, began to thin and contract; and, in it, as one sees
the fast vibrations of a jarred harp-string, I saw once more the
sun-stream quivering, giddily, North and South.

Slowly, the likeness to a sheet of fire, disappeared, and I saw,
plainly, the slowing beat of the sun-stream. Yet, even then, the speed
of its swing was inconceivably swift. And all the time, the brightness
of the fiery arc grew ever duller. Underneath, the world loomed
dimly--an indistinct, ghostly region.

Overhead, the river of flame swayed slower, and even slower; until, at
last, it swung to the North and South in great, ponderous beats, that
lasted through seconds. A long space went by, and now each sway of the
great belt lasted nigh a minute; so that, after a great while, I ceased
to distinguish it as a visible movement; and the streaming fire ran in a
steady river of dull flame, across the deadly-looking sky.

An indefinite period passed, and it seemed that the arc of fire became
less sharply defined. It appeared to me to grow more attenuated, and I
thought blackish streaks showed, occasionally. Presently, as I watched,
the smooth onward-flow ceased; and I was able to perceive that there
came a momentary, but regular, darkening of the world. This grew until,
once more, night descended, in short, but periodic, intervals upon the
wearying earth.

Longer and longer became the nights, and the days equaled them; so
that, at last, the day and the night grew to the duration of seconds in
length, and the sun showed, once more, like an almost invisible,
coppery-red  ball, within the glowing mistiness of its flight.
Corresponding to the dark lines, showing at times in its trail, there
were now distinctly to be seen on the half-visible sun itself, great,
dark belts.

Year after year flashed into the past, and the days and nights spread
into minutes. The sun had ceased to have the appearance of a tail; and
now rose and set--a tremendous globe of a glowing copper-bronze hue; in
parts ringed with blood-red bands; in others, with the dusky ones, that
I have already mentioned. These circles--both red and black--were of
varying thicknesses. For a time, I was at a loss to account for their
presence. Then it occurred to me, that it was scarcely likely that the
sun would cool evenly all over; and that these markings were due,
probably, to differences in temperature of the various areas; the red
representing those parts where the heat was still fervent, and the black
those portions which were already comparatively cool.

It struck me, as a peculiar thing, that the sun should cool in evenly
defined rings; until I remembered that, possibly, they were but isolated
patches, to which the enormous rotatory speed of the sun had imparted a
belt-like appearance. The sun, itself, was very much greater than the sun
I had known in the old-world days; and, from this, I argued that it was
considerably nearer.

At nights, the moon[6] still showed; but small and remote; and the
light she reflected was so dull and weak that she seemed little more
than the small, dim ghost of the olden moon, that I had known.

Gradually, the days and nights lengthened out, until they equaled a
space somewhat less than one of the old-earth hours; the sun rising and
setting like a great, ruddy bronze disk, crossed with ink-black bars.
About this time, I found myself, able once more, to see the gardens,
with clearness. For the world had now grown very still, and changeless.
Yet, I am not correct in saying, 'gardens'; for there were no
gardens--nothing that I knew or recognized. In place thereof, I looked
out upon a vast plain, stretching away into distance. A little to my
left, there was a low range of hills. Everywhere, there was a uniform,
white covering of snow, in places rising into hummocks and ridges.

It was only now, that I recognized how really great had been the
snowfall. In places it was vastly deep, as was witnessed by a great,
upleaping, wave-shaped hill, away to my right; though it is not
impossible, that this was due, in part, to some rise in the surface of
the ground. Strangely enough, the range of low hills to my
left--already mentioned--was not entirely covered with the universal
snow; instead, I could see their bare, dark sides showing in several
places. And everywhere and always there reigned an incredible
death-silence and desolation. The immutable, awful quiet of a
dying world.

All this time, the days and nights were lengthening, perceptibly.
Already, each day occupied, maybe, some two hours from dawn to dusk. At
night, I had been surprised to find that there were very few stars
overhead, and these small, though of an extraordinary brightness; which
I attributed to the peculiar, but clear, blackness of the nighttime.

Away to the North, I could discern a nebulous sort of mistiness; not
unlike, in appearance, a small portion of the Milky Way. It might have
been an extremely remote star-cluster; or--the thought came to me
suddenly--perhaps it was the sidereal universe that I had known, and now
left far behind, forever--a small, dimly glowing mist of stars, far in
the depths of space.

Still, the days and nights lengthened, slowly. Each time, the sun rose
duller than it had set. And the dark belts increased in breadth.

About this time, there happened a fresh thing. The sun, earth, and sky
were suddenly darkened, and, apparently, blotted out for a brief space.
I had a sense, a certain awareness (I could learn little by sight), that
the earth was enduring a very great fall of snow. Then, in an instant,
the veil that had obscured everything, vanished, and I looked out, once
more. A marvelous sight met my gaze. The hollow in which this house,
with its gardens, stands, was brimmed with snow.[7] It lipped over the
sill of my window. Everywhere, it lay, a great level stretch of white,
which caught and reflected, gloomily, the somber coppery glows of the
dying sun. The world had become a shadowless plain, from horizon
to horizon.

I glanced up at the sun. It shone with an extraordinary, dull
clearness. I saw it, now, as one who, until then, had seen it, only
through a partially obscuring medium. All about it, the sky had become
black, with a clear, deep blackness, frightful in its nearness, and its
unmeasured deep, and its utter unfriendliness. For a great time, I
looked into it, newly, and shaken and fearful. It was so near. Had I
been a child, I might have expressed some of my sensation and distress,
by saying that the sky had lost its roof.

Later, I turned, and peered about me, into the room. Everywhere, it was
covered with a thin shroud of the all-pervading white. I could see it
but dimly, by reason of the somber light that now lit the world. It
appeared to cling to the ruined walls; and the thick, soft dust of the
years, that covered the floor knee-deep, was nowhere visible. The snow
must have blown in through the open framework of the windows. Yet, in no
place had it drifted; but lay everywhere about the great, old room,
smooth and level. Moreover, there had been no wind these many thousand
years. But there was the snow,[8] as I have told.

And all the earth was silent. And there was a cold, such as no living
man can ever have known.

The earth was now illuminated, by day, with a most doleful light,
beyond my power to describe. It seemed as though I looked at the great
plain, through the medium of a bronze-tinted sea.

It was evident that the earth's rotatory movement was departing,
steadily.

The end came, all at once. The night had been the longest yet; and
when the dying sun showed, at last, above the world's edge, I had grown
so wearied of the dark, that I greeted it as a friend. It rose steadily,
until about twenty degrees above the horizon. Then, it stopped suddenly,
and, after a strange retrograde movement, hung motionless--a great
shield in the sky[9]. Only the circular rim of the sun showed
bright--only this, and one thin streak of light near the equator.

Gradually, even this thread of light died out; and now, all that was
left of our great and glorious sun, was a vast dead disk, rimmed with a
thin circle of bronze-red light.



_XVIII_

THE GREEN STAR

The world was held in a savage gloom--cold and intolerable. Outside,
all was quiet--quiet! From the dark room behind me, came the occasional,
soft thud[10] of falling matter--fragments of rotting stone. So time
passed, and night grasped the world, wrapping it in wrappings of
impenetrable blackness.

There was no night-sky, as we know it. Even the few straggling stars
had vanished, conclusively. I might have been in a shuttered room,
without a light; for all that I could see. Only, in the impalpableness
of gloom, opposite, burnt that vast, encircling hair of dull fire.
Beyond this, there was no ray in all the vastitude of night that
surrounded me; save that, far in the North, that soft, mistlike glow
still shone.

Silently, years moved on. What period of time passed, I shall never
know. It seemed to me, waiting there, that eternities came and went,
stealthily; and still I watched. I could see only the glow of the sun's
edge, at times; for now, it had commenced to come and go--lighting up a
while, and again becoming extinguished.

All at once, during one of these periods of life, a sudden flame cut
across the night--a quick glare that lit up the dead earth, shortly;
giving me a glimpse of its flat lonesomeness. The light appeared to come
from the sun--shooting out from somewhere near its center, diagonally. A
moment, I gazed, startled. Then the leaping flame sank, and the gloom
fell again. But now it was not so dark; and the sun was belted by a thin
line of vivid, white light. I stared, intently. Had a volcano broken out
on the sun? Yet, I negatived the thought, as soon as formed. I felt that
the light had been far too intensely white, and large, for such a cause.

Another idea there was, that suggested itself to me. It was, that one
of the inner planets had fallen into the sun--becoming incandescent,
under that impact. This theory appealed to me, as being more plausible,
and accounting more satisfactorily for the extraordinary size and
brilliance of the blaze, that had lit up the dead world, so
unexpectedly.

Full of interest and emotion, I stared, across the darkness, at that
line of white fire, cutting the night. One thing it told to me,
unmistakably: the sun was yet rotating at an enormous speed.[11] Thus, I
knew that the years were still fleeting at an incalculable rate; though
so far as the earth was concerned, life, and light, and time, were
things belonging to a period lost in the long gone ages.

After that one burst of flame, the light had shown, only as an
encircling band of bright fire. Now, however, as I watched, it began
slowly to sink into a ruddy tint, and, later, to a dark, copper-red
color; much as the sun had done. Presently, it sank to a deeper hue;
and, in a still further space of time, it began to fluctuate; having
periods of glowing, and anon, dying. Thus, after a great while, it
disappeared.

Long before this, the smoldering edge of the sun had deadened into
blackness. And so, in that supremely future time, the world, dark and
intensely silent, rode on its gloomy orbit around the ponderous mass of
the dead sun.

My thoughts, at this period, can be scarcely described. At first, they
were chaotic and wanting in coherence. But, later, as the ages came and
went, my soul seemed to imbibe the very essence of the oppressive
solitude and dreariness, that held the earth.

With this feeling, there came a wonderful clearness of thought, and I
realized, despairingly, that the world might wander for ever, through
that enormous night. For a while, the unwholesome idea filled me, with a
sensation of overbearing desolation; so that I could have cried like a
child. In time, however, this feeling grew, almost insensibly, less, and
an unreasoning hope possessed me. Patiently, I waited.

From time to time, the noise of dropping particles, behind in the room,
came dully to my ears. Once, I heard a loud crash, and turned,
instinctively, to look; forgetting, for the moment, the impenetrable
night in which every detail was submerged. In a while, my gaze sought
the heavens; turning, unconsciously, toward the North. Yes, the nebulous
glow still showed. Indeed, I could have almost imagined that it looked
somewhat plainer. For a long time, I kept my gaze fixed upon it;
feeling, in my lonely soul, that its soft haze was, in some way, a tie
with the past. Strange, the trifles from which one can suck comfort! And
yet, had I but known--But I shall come to that in its proper time.

For a very long space, I watched, without experiencing any of the
desire for sleep, that would so soon have visited me in the old-earth
days. How I should have welcomed it; if only to have passed the time,
away from my perplexities and thoughts.

Several times, the comfortless sound of some great piece of masonry
falling, disturbed my meditations; and, once, it seemed I could hear
whispering in the room, behind me. Yet it was utterly useless to try to
see anything. Such blackness, as existed, scarcely can be conceived. It
was palpable, and hideously brutal to the sense; as though something
dead, pressed up against me--something soft, and icily cold.

Under all this, there grew up within my mind, a great and overwhelming
distress of uneasiness, that left me, but to drop me into an
uncomfortable brooding. I felt that I must fight against it; and,
presently, hoping to distract my thoughts, I turned to the window, and
looked up toward the North, in search of the nebulous whiteness, which,
still, I believed to be the far and misty glowing of the universe we had
left. Even as I raised my eyes, I was thrilled with a feeling of wonder;
for, now, the hazy light had resolved into a single, great star, of
vivid green.

As I stared, astonished, the thought flashed into my mind; that the
earth must be traveling toward the star; not away, as I had imagined.
Next, that it could not be the universe the earth had left; but,
possibly, an outlying star, belonging to some vast star-cluster, hidden
in the enormous depths of space. With a sense of commingled awe and
curiosity, I watched it, wondering what new thing was to be revealed
to me.

For a while, vague thoughts and speculations occupied me, during which
my gaze dwelt insatiably upon that one spot of light, in the otherwise
pitlike darkness. Hope grew up within me, banishing the oppression of
despair, that had seemed to stifle me. Wherever the earth was traveling,
it was, at least, going once more toward the realms of light. Light! One
must spend an eternity wrapped in soundless night, to understand the
full horror of being without it.

Slowly, but surely, the star grew upon my vision, until, in time, it
shone as brightly as had the planet Jupiter, in the old-earth days. With
increased size, its color became more impressive; reminding me of a huge
emerald, scintillating rays of fire across the world.

Years fled away in silence, and the green star grew into a great splash
of flame in the sky. A little later, I saw a thing that filled me with
amazement. It was the ghostly outline of a vast crescent, in the night;
a gigantic new moon, seeming to be growing out of the surrounding gloom.
Utterly bemused, I stared at it. It appeared to be quite
close--comparatively; and I puzzled to understand how the earth had come
so near to it, without my having seen it before.

The light, thrown by the star, grew stronger; and, presently, I was
aware that it was possible to see the earthscape again; though
indistinctly. Awhile, I stared, trying to make out whether I could
distinguish any detail of the world's surface, but I found the light
insufficient. In a little, I gave up the attempt, and glanced once more
toward the star. Even in the short space, that my attention had been
diverted, it had increased considerably, and seemed now, to my
bewildered sight, about a quarter of the size of the full moon. The
light it threw, was extraordinarily powerful; yet its color was so
abominably unfamiliar, that such of the world as I could see, showed
unreal; more as though I looked out upon a landscape of shadow, than
aught else.

All this time, the great crescent was increasing in brightness, and
began, now, to shine with a perceptible shade of green. Steadily, the
star increased in size and brilliancy, until it showed, fully as large
as half a full moon; and, as it grew greater and brighter, so did the
vast crescent throw out more and more light, though of an ever deepening
hue of green. Under the combined blaze of their radiances, the
wilderness that stretched before me, became steadily more visible. Soon,
I seemed able to stare across the whole world, which now appeared,
beneath the strange light, terrible in its cold and awful, flat
dreariness.

It was a little later, that my attention was drawn to the fact, that
the great star of green flame, was slowly sinking out of the North,
toward the East. At first, I could scarcely believe that I saw aright;
but soon there could be no doubt that it was so. Gradually, it sank,
and, as it fell, the vast crescent of glowing green, began to dwindle
and dwindle, until it became a mere arc of light, against the livid
 sky. Later it vanished, disappearing in the self-same spot from
which I had seen it slowly emerge.

By this time, the star had come to within some thirty degrees of the
hidden horizon. In size it could now have rivaled the moon at its full;
though, even yet, I could not distinguish its disk. This fact led me to
conceive that it was, still, an extraordinary distance away; and, this
being so, I knew that its size must be huge, beyond the conception of
man to understand or imagine.

Suddenly, as I watched, the lower edge of the star vanished--cut by a
straight, dark line. A minute--or a century--passed, and it dipped
lower, until the half of it had disappeared from sight. Far away out on
the great plain, I saw a monstrous shadow blotting it out, and advancing
swiftly. Only a third of the star was visible now. Then, like a flash,
the solution of this extraordinary phenomenon revealed itself to me. The
star was sinking behind the enormous mass of the dead sun. Or rather,
the sun--obedient to its attraction--was rising toward it,[12] with the
earth following in its trail. As these thoughts expanded in my mind, the
star vanished; being completely hidden by the tremendous bulk of the
sun. Over the earth there fell, once more, the brooding night.

With the darkness, came an intolerable feeling of loneliness and dread.
For the first time, I thought of the Pit, and its inmates. After that,
there rose in my memory the still more terrible Thing, that had haunted
the shores of the Sea of Sleep, and lurked in the shadows of this old
building. Where were they? I wondered--and shivered with miserable
thoughts. For a time, fear held me, and I prayed, wildly and
incoherently, for some ray of light with which to dispel the cold
blackness that enveloped the world.

How long I waited, it is impossible to say--certainly for a very great
period. Then, all at once, I saw a loom of light shine out ahead.
Gradually, it became more distinct. Suddenly, a ray of vivid green,
flashed across the darkness. At the same moment, I saw a thin line of
livid flame, far in the night. An instant, it seemed, and it had grown
into a great clot of fire; beneath which, the world lay bathed in a
blaze of emerald green light. Steadily it grew, until, presently, the
whole of the green star had come into sight again. But now, it could be
scarcely called a star; for it had increased to vast proportions, being
incomparably greater than the sun had been in the olden time.

"Then, as I stared, I became aware that I could see the edge of the
lifeless sun, glowing like a great crescent-moon. Slowly, its lighted
surface, broadened out to me, until half of its diameter was visible;
and the star began to drop away on my right. Time passed, and the earth
moved on, slowly traversing the tremendous face of the dead sun." [13]

Gradually, as the earth traveled forward, the star fell still more to
the right; until, at last, it shone on the back of the house, sending a
flood of broken rays, in through the skeleton-like walls. Glancing
upward, I saw that much of the ceiling had vanished, enabling me to see
that the upper storeys were even more decayed. The roof had, evidently,
gone entirely; and I could see the green effulgence of the Starlight
shining in, slantingly.



_XIX_

THE END OF THE SOLAR SYSTEM

From the abutment, where once had been the windows, through which I had
watched that first, fatal dawn, I could see that the sun was hugely
greater, than it had been, when first the Star lit the world. So great
was it, that its lower edge seemed almost to touch the far horizon. Even
as I watched, I imagined that it drew closer. The radiance of green that
lit the frozen earth, grew steadily brighter.

Thus, for a long space, things were. Then, on a sudden, I saw that the
sun was changing shape, and growing smaller, just as the moon would have
done in past time. In a while, only a third of the illuminated part was
turned toward the earth. The Star bore away on the left.

Gradually, as the world moved on, the Star shone upon the front of the
house, once more; while the sun showed, only as a great bow of green
fire. An instant, it seemed, and the sun had vanished. The Star was
still fully visible. Then the earth moved into the black shadow of the
sun, and all was night--Night, black, starless, and intolerable.

Filled with tumultuous thoughts, I watched across the night--waiting.
Years, it may have been, and then, in the dark house behind me, the
clotted stillness of the world was broken. I seemed to hear a soft
padding of many feet, and a faint, inarticulate whisper of sound, grew
on my sense. I looked 'round into the blackness, and saw a multitude of
eyes. As I stared, they increased, and appeared to come toward me. For
an instant, I stood, unable to move. Then a hideous swine-noise[14] rose
up into the night; and, at that, I leapt from the window, out on to the
frozen world. I have a confused notion of having run awhile; and, after
that, I just waited--waited. Several times, I heard shrieks; but always
as though from a distance. Except for these sounds, I had no idea of the
whereabouts of the house. Time moved onward. I was conscious of little,
save a sensation of cold and hopelessness and fear.

An age, it seemed, and there came a glow, that told of the coming
light. It grew, tardily. Then--with a loom of unearthly glory--the first
ray from the Green Star, struck over the edge of the dark sun, and lit
the world. It fell upon a great, ruined structure, some two hundred
yards away. It was the house. Staring, I saw a fearsome sight--over its
walls crawled a legion of unholy things, almost covering the old
building, from tottering towers to base. I could see them, plainly; they
were the Swine-creatures.

The world moved out into the light of the Star, and I saw that, now, it
seemed to stretch across a quarter of the heavens. The glory of its
livid light was so tremendous, that it appeared to fill the sky with
quivering flames. Then, I saw the sun. It was so close that half of its
diameter lay below the horizon; and, as the world circled across its
face, it seemed to tower right up into the sky, a stupendous dome of
emerald  fire. From time to time, I glanced toward the house; but
the Swine-things seemed unaware of my proximity.

Years appeared to pass, slowly. The earth had almost reached the center
of the sun's disk. The light from the Green _Sun_--as now it must be
called--shone through the interstices, that gapped the mouldered walls
of the old house, giving them the appearance of being wrapped in green
flames. The Swine-creatures still crawled about the walls.

Suddenly, there rose a loud roar of swine-voices, and, up from the
center of the roofless house, shot a vast column of blood-red flame. I
saw the little, twisted towers and turrets flash into fire; yet still
preserving their twisted crookedness. The beams of the Green Sun, beat
upon the house, and intermingled with its lurid glows; so that it
appeared a blazing furnace of red and green fire.

Fascinated, I watched, until an overwhelming sense of coming danger,
drew my attention. I glanced up, and, at once, it was borne upon me,
that the sun was closer; so close, in fact, that it seemed to overhang
the world. Then--I know not how--I was caught up into strange
heights--floating like a bubble in the awful effulgence.

Far below me, I saw the earth, with the burning house leaping into an
ever growing mountain of flame, 'round about it, the ground appeared to
be glowing; and, in places, heavy wreaths of yellow smoke ascended from
the earth. It seemed as though the world were becoming ignited from that
one plague-spot of fire. Faintly, I could see the Swine-things. They
appeared quite unharmed. Then the ground seemed to cave in, suddenly,
and the house, with its load of foul creatures, disappeared into the
depths of the earth, sending a strange, blood  cloud into the
heights. I remembered the hell Pit under the house.

In a while, I looked 'round. The huge bulk of the sun, rose high above
me. The distance between it and the earth, grew rapidly less. Suddenly,
the earth appeared to shoot forward. In a moment, it had traversed the
space between it and the sun. I heard no sound; but, out from the sun's
face, gushed an ever-growing tongue of dazzling flame. It seemed to
leap, almost to the distant Green Sun--shearing through the emerald
light, a very cataract of blinding fire. It reached its limit, and sank;
and, on the sun, glowed a vast splash of burning white--the grave of
the earth.

The sun was very close to me, now. Presently, I found that I was rising
higher; until, at last, I rode above it, in the emptiness. The Green Sun
was now so huge that its breadth seemed to fill up all the sky, ahead. I
looked down, and noted that the sun was passing directly beneath me.

A year may have gone by--or a century--and I was left, suspended,
alone. The sun showed far in front--a black, circular mass, against the
molten splendor of the great, Green Orb. Near one edge, I observed that
a lurid glow had appeared, marking the place where the earth had fallen.
By this, I knew that the long-dead sun was still revolving, though with
great slowness.

Afar to my right, I seemed to catch, at times, a faint glow of whitish
light. For a great time, I was uncertain whether to put this down to
fancy or not. Thus, for a while, I stared, with fresh wonderings; until,
at last, I knew that it was no imaginary thing; but a reality. It grew
brighter; and, presently, there slid out of the green, a pale globe of
softest white. It came nearer, and I saw that it was apparently
surrounded by a robe of gently glowing clouds. Time passed....

I glanced toward the diminishing sun. It showed, only as a dark blot on
the face of the Green Sun. As I watched, I saw it grow smaller,
steadily, as though rushing toward the superior orb, at an immense
speed. Intently, I stared. What would happen? I was conscious of
extraordinary emotions, as I realized that it would strike the Green
Sun. It grew no bigger than a pea, and I looked, with my whole soul, to
witness the final end of our System--that system which had borne the
world through so many aeons, with its multitudinous sorrows and
joys; and now--

Suddenly, something crossed my vision, cutting from sight all vestige
of the spectacle I watched with such soul-interest. What happened to the
dead sun, I did not see; but I have no reason--in the light of that
which I saw afterward--to disbelieve that it fell into the strange fire
of the Green Sun, and so perished.

And then, suddenly, an extraordinary question rose in my mind, whether
this stupendous globe of green fire might not be the vast Central
Sun--the great sun, 'round which our universe and countless others
revolve. I felt confused. I thought of the probable end of the dead sun,
and another suggestion came, dumbly--Do the dead stars make the Green
Sun their grave? The idea appealed to me with no sense of grotesqueness;
but rather as something both possible and probable.



_XX_

THE CELESTIAL GLOBES

For a while, many thoughts crowded my mind, so that I was unable to do
aught, save stare, blindly, before me. I seemed whelmed in a sea of
doubt and wonder and sorrowful remembrance.

It was later, that I came out of my bewilderment. I looked about,
dazedly. Thus, I saw so extraordinary a sight that, for a while, I could
scarcely believe I was not still wrapped in the visionary tumult of my
own thoughts. Out of the reigning green, had grown a boundless river of
softly shimmering globes--each one enfolded in a wondrous fleece of pure
cloud. They reached, both above and below me, to an unknown distance;
and, not only hid the shining of the Green Sun; but supplied, in place
thereof, a tender glow of light, that suffused itself around me, like
unto nothing I have ever seen, before or since.

In a little, I noticed that there was about these spheres, a sort of
transparency, almost as though they were formed of clouded crystal,
within which burned a radiance--gentle and subdued. They moved on, past
me, continually, floating onward at no great speed; but rather as
though they had eternity before them. A great while, I watched, and
could perceive no end to them. At times, I seemed to distinguish faces,
amid the cloudiness; but strangely indistinct, as though partly real,
and partly formed of the mistiness through which they showed.

For a long time, I waited, passively, with a sense of growing content.
I had no longer that feeling of unutterable loneliness; but felt,
rather, that I was less alone, than I had been for kalpas of years. This
feeling of contentment, increased, so that I would have been satisfied
to float in company with those celestial globules, forever.

Ages slipped by, and I saw the shadowy faces, with increased frequency,
also with greater plainness. Whether this was due to my soul having
become more attuned to its surroundings, I cannot tell--probably it was
so. But, however this may be, I am assured now, only of the fact that I
became steadily more conscious of a new mystery about me, telling me
that I had, indeed, penetrated within the borderland of some
unthought-of region--some subtle, intangible place, or form, of
existence.

The enormous stream of luminous spheres continued to pass me, at an
unvarying rate--countless millions; and still they came, showing no
signs of ending, nor even diminishing.

Then, as I was borne, silently, upon the unbuoying ether, I felt a
sudden, irresistible, forward movement, toward one of the passing
globes. An instant, and I was beside it. Then, I slid through, into the
interior, without experiencing the least resistance, of any description.
For a short while, I could see nothing; and waited, curiously.

All at once, I became aware that a sound broke the inconceivable
stillness. It was like the murmur of a great sea at calm--a sea
breathing in its sleep. Gradually, the mist that obscured my sight,
began to thin away; and so, in time, my vision dwelt once again upon the
silent surface of the Sea of Sleep.

For a little, I gazed, and could scarcely believe I saw aright. I
glanced 'round. There was the great globe of pale fire, swimming, as I
had seen it before, a short distance above the dim horizon. To my left,
far across the sea, I discovered, presently, a faint line, as of thin
haze, which I guessed to be the shore, where my Love and I had met,
during those wonderful periods of soul-wandering, that had been granted
to me in the old earth days.

Another, a troubled, memory came to me--of the Formless Thing that had
haunted the shores of the Sea of Sleep. The guardian of that silent,
echoless place. These, and other, details, I remembered, and knew,
without doubt that I was looking out upon that same sea. With the
assurance, I was filled with an overwhelming feeling of surprise, and
joy, and shaken expectancy, conceiving it possible that I was about to
see my Love, again. Intently, I gazed around; but could catch no sight
of her. At that, for a little, I felt hopeless. Fervently, I prayed, and
ever peered, anxiously.... How still was the sea!

Down, far beneath me, I could see the many trails of changeful fire,
that had drawn my attention, formerly. Vaguely, I wondered what caused
them; also, I remembered that I had intended to ask my dear One about
them, as well as many other matters--and I had been forced to leave her,
before the half that I had wished to say, was said.

My thoughts came back with a leap. I was conscious that something had
touched me. I turned quickly. God, Thou wert indeed gracious--it was
She! She looked up into my eyes, with an eager longing, and I looked
down to her, with all my soul. I should like to have held her; but the
glorious purity of her face, kept me afar. Then, out of the winding
mist, she put her dear arms. Her whisper came to me, soft as the rustle
of a passing cloud. 'Dearest!' she said. That was all; but I had heard,
and, in a moment I held her to me--as I prayed--forever.

In a little, she spoke of many things, and I listened. Willingly, would
I have done so through all the ages that are to come. At times, I
whispered back, and my whispers brought to her spirit face, once more,
an indescribably delicate tint--the bloom of love. Later, I spoke more
freely, and to each word she listened, and made answer, delightfully; so
that, already, I was in Paradise.

She and I; and nothing, save the silent, spacious void to see us; and
only the quiet waters of the Sea of Sleep to hear us.

Long before, the floating multitude of cloud-enfolded spheres had
vanished into nothingness. Thus, we looked upon the face of the
slumberous deeps, and were alone. Alone, God, I would be thus alone in
the hereafter, and yet be never lonely! I had her, and, greater than
this, she had me. Aye, aeon-aged me; and on this thought, and some
others, I hope to exist through the few remaining years that may yet lie
between us.



_XXI_

THE DARK SUN

How long our souls lay in the arms of joy, I cannot say; but, all at
once, I was waked from my happiness, by a diminution of the pale and
gentle light that lit the Sea of Sleep. I turned toward the huge, white
orb, with a premonition of coming trouble. One side of it was curving
inward, as though a convex, black shadow were sweeping across it. My
memory went back. It was thus, that the darkness had come, before our
last parting. I turned toward my Love, inquiringly. With a sudden
knowledge of woe, I noticed how wan and unreal she had grown, even in
that brief space. Her voice seemed to come to me from a distance. The
touch of her hands was no more than the gentle pressure of a summer
wind, and grew less perceptible.

Already, quite half of the immense globe was shrouded. A feeling of
desperation seized me. Was she about to leave me? Would she have to go,
as she had gone before? I questioned her, anxiously, frightenedly; and
she, nestling closer, explained, in that strange, faraway voice, that it
was imperative she should leave me, before the Sun of Darkness--as she
termed it--blotted out the light. At this confirmation of my fears, I
was overcome with despair; and could only look, voicelessly, across the
quiet plains of the silent sea.

How swiftly the darkness spread across the face of the White Orb. Yet,
in reality, the time must have been long, beyond human comprehension.

At last, only a crescent of pale fire, lit the, now dim, Sea of Sleep.
All this while, she had held me; but, with so soft a caress, that I had
been scarcely conscious of it. We waited there, together, she and I;
speechless, for very sorrow. In the dimming light, her face showed,
shadowy--blending into the dusky mistiness that encircled us.

Then, when a thin, curved line of soft light was all that lit the sea,
she released me--pushing me from her, tenderly. Her voice sounded in my
ears, 'I may not stay longer, Dear One.' It ended in a sob.

She seemed to float away from me, and became invisible. Her voice came
to me, out of the shadows, faintly; apparently from a great distance:--

'A little while--' It died away, remotely. In a breath, the Sea of
Sleep darkened into night. Far to my left, I seemed to see, for a brief
instant, a soft glow. It vanished, and, in the same moment, I became
aware that I was no longer above the still sea; but once more suspended
in infinite space, with the Green Sun--now eclipsed by a vast, dark
sphere--before me.

Utterly bewildered, I stared, almost unseeingly, at the ring of green
flames, leaping above the dark edge. Even in the chaos of my thoughts, I
wondered, dully, at their extraordinary shapes. A multitude of questions
assailed me. I thought more of her, I had so lately seen, than of the
sight before me. My grief, and thoughts of the future, filled me. Was I
doomed to be separated from her, always? Even in the old earth-days, she
had been mine, only for a little while; then she had left me, as I
thought, forever. Since then, I had seen her but these times, upon the
Sea of Sleep.

A feeling of fierce resentment filled me, and miserable questionings.
Why could I not have gone with my Love? What reason to keep us apart?
Why had I to wait alone, while she slumbered through the years, on the
still bosom of the Sea of Sleep? The Sea of Sleep! My thoughts turned,
inconsequently, out of their channel of bitterness, to fresh, desperate
questionings. Where was it? Where was it? I seemed to have but just
parted from my Love, upon its quiet surface, and it had gone, utterly.
It could not be far away! And the White Orb which I had seen hidden in
the shadow of the Sun of Darkness! My sight dwelt upon the Green
Sun--eclipsed. What had eclipsed it? Was there a vast, dead star
circling it? Was the _Central_ Sun--as I had come to regard it--a double
star? The thought had come, almost unbidden; yet why should it not
be so?

My thoughts went back to the White Orb. Strange, that it should have
been--I stopped. An idea had come, suddenly. The White Orb and the Green
Sun! Were they one and the same? My imagination wandered backward, and I
remembered the luminous globe to which I had been so unaccountably
attracted. It was curious that I should have forgotten it, even
momentarily. Where were the others? I reverted again to the globe I had
entered. I thought, for a time, and matters became clearer. I conceived
that, by entering that impalpable globule, I had passed, at once, into
some further, and, until then, invisible dimension; There, the Green Sun
was still visible; but as a stupendous sphere of pale, white
light--almost as though its ghost showed, and not its material part.

A long time, I mused on the subject. I remembered how, on entering the
sphere, I had, immediately, lost all sight of the others. For a still
further period, I continued to revolve the different details in my mind.

In a while, my thoughts turned to other things. I came more into the
present, and began to look about me, seeingly. For the first time, I
perceived that innumerable rays, of a subtle, violet hue, pierced the
strange semi-darkness, in all directions. They radiated from the fiery
rim of the Green Sun. They seemed to grow upon my vision, so that, in a
little, I saw that they were countless. The night was filled with
them--spreading outward from the Green Sun, fan-wise. I concluded that I
was enabled to see them, by reason of the Sun's glory being cut off by
the eclipse. They reached right out into space, and vanished.

Gradually, as I looked, I became aware that fine points of intensely
brilliant light, traversed the rays. Many of them seemed to travel from
the Green Sun, into distance. Others came out of the void, toward the
Sun; but one and all, each kept strictly to the ray in which it
traveled. Their speed was inconceivably great; and it was only when they
neared the Green Sun, or as they left it, that I could see them as
separate specks of light. Further from the sun, they became thin lines
of vivid fire within the violet.

The discovery of these rays, and the moving sparks, interested me,
extraordinarily. To where did they lead, in such countless profusion? I
thought of the worlds in space.... And those sparks! Messengers!
Possibly, the idea was fantastic; but I was not conscious of its being
so. Messengers! Messengers from the Central Sun!

An idea evolved itself, slowly. Was the Green Sun the abode of some
vast Intelligence? The thought was bewildering. Visions of the Unnameable
rose, vaguely. Had I, indeed, come upon the dwelling-place of the
Eternal? For a time, I repelled the thought, dumbly. It was too
stupendous. Yet....

Huge, vague thoughts had birth within me. I felt, suddenly, terribly
naked. And an awful Nearness, shook me.

And Heaven ...! Was that an illusion?

My thoughts came and went, erratically. The Sea of Sleep--and she!
Heaven.... I came back, with a bound, to the present. Somewhere, out of
the void behind me, there rushed an immense, dark body--huge and silent.
It was a dead star, hurling onward to the burying place of the stars. It
drove between me and the Central Suns--blotting them out from my vision,
and plunging me into an impenetrable night.

An age, and I saw again the violet rays. A great while later--aeons it
must have been--a circular glow grew in the sky, ahead, and I saw the
edge of the receding star, show darkly against it. Thus, I knew that it
was nearing the Central Suns. Presently, I saw the bright ring of the
Green Sun, show plainly against the night The star had passed into the
shadow of the Dead Sun. After that, I just waited. The strange years
went slowly, and ever, I watched, intently.

'The thing I had expected, came at last--suddenly, awfully. A vast
flare of dazzling light. A streaming burst of white flame across the
dark void. For an indefinite while, it soared outward--a gigantic
mushroom of fire. It ceased to grow. Then, as time went by, it began to
sink backward, slowly. I saw, now, that it came from a huge, glowing
spot near the center of the Dark Sun. Mighty flames, still soared
outward from this. Yet, spite of its size, the grave of the star was no
more than the shining of Jupiter upon the face of an ocean, when
compared with the inconceivable mass of the Dead Sun.

I may remark here, once more, that no words will ever convey to the
imagination, the enormous bulk of the two Central Suns.



_XXII_

THE DARK NEBULA

Years melted into the past, centuries, aeons. The light of the
incandescent star, sank to a furious red.

It was later, that I saw the dark nebula--at first, an impalpable
cloud, away to my right. It grew, steadily, to a clot of blackness in
the night. How long I watched, it is impossible to say; for time, as we
count it, was a thing of the past. It came closer, a shapeless
monstrosity of darkness--tremendous. It seemed to slip across the night,
sleepily--a very hell-fog. Slowly, it slid nearer, and passed into the
void, between me and the Central Suns. It was as though a curtain had
been drawn before my vision. A strange tremor of fear took me, and a
fresh sense of wonder.

The green twilight that had reigned for so many millions of years, had
now given place to impenetrable gloom. Motionless, I peered about me. A
century fled, and it seemed to me that I detected occasional dull glows
of red, passing me at intervals.

Earnestly, I gazed, and, presently, seemed to see circular masses, that
showed muddily red, within the clouded blackness. They appeared to be
growing out of the nebulous murk. Awhile, and they became plainer to my
accustomed vision. I could see them, now, with a fair amount of
distinctness--ruddy-tinged spheres, similar, in size, to the luminous
globes that I had seen, so long previously.

They floated past me, continually. Gradually, a peculiar uneasiness
seized me. I became aware of a growing feeling of repugnance and dread.
It was directed against those passing orbs, and seemed born of intuitive
knowledge, rather than of any real cause or reason.

Some of the passing globes were brighter than others; and, it was from
one of these, that a face looked, suddenly. A face, human in its
outline; but so tortured with woe, that I stared, aghast. I had not
thought there was such sorrow, as I saw there. I was conscious of an
added sense of pain, on perceiving that the eyes, which glared so
wildly, were sightless. A while longer, I saw it; then it had passed on,
into the surrounding gloom. After this, I saw others--all wearing that
look of hopeless sorrow; and blind.

A long time went by, and I became aware that I was nearer to the orbs,
than I had been. At this, I grew uneasy; though I was less in fear of
those strange globules, than I had been, before seeing their sorrowful
inhabitants; for sympathy had tempered my fear.

Later, there was no doubt but that I was being carried closer to the
red spheres, and, presently, I floated among them. In awhile, I
perceived one bearing down upon me. I was helpless to move from its
path. In a minute, it seemed, it was upon me, and I was submerged in a
deep red mist. This cleared, and I stared, confusedly, across the
immense breadth of the Plain of Silence. It appeared just as I had first
seen it. I was moving forward, steadily, across its surface. Away ahead,
shone the vast, blood-red ring [15] that lit the place. All around, was
spread the extraordinary desolation of stillness, that had so impressed
me during my previous wanderings across its starkness.

Presently, I saw, rising up into the ruddy gloom, the distant peaks of
the mighty amphitheatre of mountains, where, untold ages before, I had
been shown my first glimpse of the terrors that underlie many things;
and where, vast and silent, watched by a thousand mute gods, stands the
replica of this house of mysteries--this house that I had seen swallowed
up in that hell-fire, ere the earth had kissed the sun, and vanished
for ever.

Though I could see the crests of the mountain-amphitheatre, yet it was
a great while before their lower portions became visible. Possibly, this
was due to the strange, ruddy haze, that seemed to cling to the surface
of the Plain. However, be this as it may, I saw them at last.

In a still further space of time, I had come so close to the mountains,
that they appeared to overhang me. Presently, I saw the great rift, open
before me, and I drifted into it; without volition on my part.

Later, I came out upon the breadth of the enormous arena. There, at an
apparent distance of some five miles, stood the House, huge, monstrous
and silent--lying in the very center of that stupendous amphitheatre. So
far as I could see, it had not altered in any way; but looked as though
it were only yesterday that I had seen it. Around, the grim, dark
mountains frowned down upon me from their lofty silences.

Far to my right, away up among inaccessible peaks, loomed the enormous
bulk of the great Beast-god. Higher, I saw the hideous form of the dread
goddess, rising up through the red gloom, thousands of fathoms above
me. To the left, I made out the monstrous Eyeless-Thing, grey and
inscrutable. Further off, reclining on its lofty ledge, the livid
Ghoul-Shape showed--a splash of sinister color, among the dark
mountains.

Slowly, I moved out across the great arena--floating. As I went, I made
out the dim forms of many of the other lurking Horrors that peopled
those supreme heights.

Gradually, I neared the House, and my thoughts flashed back across the
abyss of years. I remembered the dread Specter of the Place. A short
while passed, and I saw that I was being wafted directly toward the
enormous mass of that silent building.

About this time, I became aware, in an indifferent sort of way, of a
growing sense of numbness, that robbed me of the fear, which I should
otherwise have felt, on approaching that awesome Pile. As it was, I
viewed it, calmly--much as a man views calamity through the haze of his
tobacco smoke.

In a little while, I had come so close to the House, as to be able to
distinguish many of the details about it. The longer I looked, the more
was I confirmed in my long-ago impressions of its entire similitude to
this strange house. Save in its enormous size, I could find
nothing unlike.

Suddenly, as I stared, a great feeling of amazement filled me. I had
come opposite to that part, where the outer door, leading into the
study, is situated. There, lying right across the threshold, lay a great
length of coping stone, identical--save in size and color--with the
piece I had dislodged in my fight with the Pit-creatures.the time origin is arbitrary . 
rav huna was prolonging his lessons and teachings of the talmud , and many of his students , among them rav giddel , restrained themselves from going to their needs during the lessons , and became infertile , and could not have more children . 
easley met fellow kentucky native and artist larry elmore through a mutual friend . 
stucco works are by a. borelli and g. calegari and statues by angelo piò . 
success at the battle of debrecen and the end . 
the following nominating committee of the convention of baptist churches of northern circars ( cbcnc)regd.no.16/48-49 & trust association no 12/1960 at andhra baptist church at amadalavalasa held on 24,25 and 26 of january 2014 and made the following nominations for the 
english is married to financial journalist , eamon quinn . 
he has long been associated with score productions and mark goodson productions and is a favorite composer . 
the film was refused a classification by the british board of film classification upon its original cinema release and was additionally banned for video in 1998 , but was later passed at an 18 certificate in 2002 with 58 seconds of cuts . 
peralta has two sons , myles and matthew , and he is married to evelyn 
sen played his first first-class cricket game representing bengal in 1943 , when he was only 17 years old and just out of school at la martiniere , calcutta . 
the world health organization regional office for africa is based in brazzaville on a vast campus at the cité du djoué . 
the racial makeup of the township was 98.59 % white , 0.09 % african american , 0.09 % from other races , and 1.22 % from two or more races . 
wjec broadcasts a southern gospel music format . 
the prison stopped admitting prisoners temporarily in the spring of 1896 and january 1900 as a result of the spread of smallpox in kansas . 
it is a relatively new genre on the christian music scene . 
army – notre dame football rivalry 
the village was listed on the national register in 2011 . 
despite having been officially sold out wet conditions on the night meant an attendance of 29,442 , which nearly satisfied the stadium 's 30,050 capacity . 
playing as a left-back he has a cultured left-foot and is considered a set-piece specialist . 
this formed the basis of the colony of barbados and the windward islands . 
board sizes 1,84 × 1,75 × 3,25 dm&raspcirc;2 . 
it is the county seat of cedar county . 
a few examples of this work include : 
on november 19 , he picked up an enemy convoy of three large japanese freighters with accompanying escorts north of the marianas and positioned for an attack , altogether firing ten torpedoes in his first attempt , scoring hits on two enemy targets . 
from 1948-1950 , stroop served as executive officer at the navy 's general line school in monterey , california , then again took up his own studies as a student at the national war college at washington , d.c. , in 1950-1951 . 
in 2002 , population of kisač numbered 5,471 people , including : 
undergraduate programs typically require between four and five years to complete , while graduate programs typically span two years . 
invariant latitude is a parameter that describes where a particular magnetic field line touches the surface of the earth . 
by listening and asking questions , the samaritans volunteers help people explore their feelings and work out their own way forward . 
when he retired , he started in the journalism field . 
the school provides training in the health sciences at the diploma , undergraduate and postgraduate levels . 
synthetic data holds no personal information and cannot be traced back to any individual ; therefore , the use of synthetic data reduces confidentiality and privacy issues . 
trustees : s. s. boorman , a. h. lancaster , j. a. shirer , w. m. grant , f. w. morgan jones , w. g. whitbourn . &raspsquo; 
it was founded in 2003 by james ward ( ceo ) , initially operating a challenger 6013a-er ( ec-jkt ) , a hawker 400 ( mu300 ) ( ec-jkl ) and a piper aerostar ( ec-icg ) . 
on april 2 , 2013 , infor announced that it has completed its acquisition of certpoint systems , inc. , a saas-based learning technologies company . 
the first three " arduin " tomes are known as the arduin trilogy . 
the female figure can be identified as venus because of the presence of her son , cupid . 
douglas bader had a movie adapted to his life ‘ the dammed busters ’ which went on to win a bafta award . 
on rare occasions , molluscs , echinoderms , and small bony fishes are also eaten . 
the ptw flow stress is given by 
the primarily field of interest of fakouhi is the social pathology of contemporary iran and especially the problems concerning the ethnic , communitarian and local identities in their relations with the global level . 
the nbc documentary " the tunnel " made history by becoming the first ( and only ) documentary to win the emmy for program of the year . 
he claimed that he chose the royal navy because he thought that the naval uniform might make him look slimmer . 
anne thérèse of savoy ( 1 november 1717 – 5 april 1745 ) was a savoyard princess born in paris , france . 
if this statement be correct , then the chronicler survived king richard i . 
on january 9 , 2002 " raider 04 " from vmgr-352 , crashed into a mountainside in pakistan killing all seven crewmembers . 
the magazine was fully reprinted in a series of three black-and-white hardbacks by publisher russ cochran as part of the " the complete ec library " in 1981 . 
these formulas can use various standard algebraic and mathematical operators and expressions . 
a hcm numerical analysis by ( zappala 1995 ) determined a large group of &raspsquo; core &raspsquo; family members , whose proper orbital elements lie in the approximate ranges 
it was replaced in 1135 by the augustinian stone priory , which survived until its dissolution in the reign of henry viii . 
vincent drouin ( 29 march 1932 – 1 september 1979 ) was a liberal party member of the canadian house of commons . 
many groundbreaking and innovative projects have resulted from sophia members working together , often funded by the eu . 
declan has since retired in december 2012 . 
in february 2011 , the launch of google panda ( a change to google 's search results ranking algorithm ) seriously affected traffic to the company 's web site , and it never fully recovered . 
having grossed a modest $ 77 million worldwide , the film received lukewarm critical reviews for " unrelatable characters " and a " predictable plot " , although lopez 's acting was praised . 
in 1888 , the name was changed to " the argosy " to attract an older audience . 
bassist eric roberts incorporates elements of reggae into his playing , as well as styles influenced by metal bands such as the dillinger escape plan and meshuggah . 
are operating systems a dying breed by richard muirhead . 
geert paul hendrikus schuitema ( february 27 , 1897 in groningen - october 25 , 1973 in wassenaar ) was a dutch graphic artist . 
jack and liz subsequently discover in " florida " that colleen spent her final years in a cohabitational lesbian relationship and - much more shockingly - was happy and well-liked in the couple 's retirement community , where she was seen as kind and loving . 
the 13th international 500-mile sweepstakes race was held at the indianapolis motor speedway on saturday , may 30 , 1925 . 
it was based on the original film and was itself adapted to cinema as " little shop of horrors " , in 1986 . 
when anoop returns home , his mother asks him for his approval , but he says he wants to see the girl first . 
after the assassination of chairman p'eng ( china 's supreme military leader ) , general kao shen of the pla decides it 's time for china to return to its former imperial glory and declares himself emperor of china . 
" komtsukunft " was a splinter-group of the bundist tsukunft movement . 
the institute received the unesco international award for human rights education for the year 1992 . 
for example , goes by the name michelle yeoh choo kheng . 
lars behrendt ( born 28 september 1973 ) is a german bobsledder who competed from 1998 to 2002 . 
the company 's line of propellers has been under development since 1988 and consists of variable pitch , ground adjustable and constant speed propellers . 
" nādasvaram " ( also called shehnai in north india ) an indian musical instrument traditionally accompanies most telugu weddings . 
that is to say , what are the necessary criteria by which a particular belief can be declared as " true " ( or , should it fail to meet these criteria , can we rightly infer its falsity ) ? 
the economy of oguni is based on agriculture and forestry , and electrical power production from numerous dams . 
because sound levels are measured using a logarithmic scale , a reduction of nine decibels is equivalent to elimination of approximately 80 percent of the unwanted sound . 
his father was a master machinist , and in 1927 moved the family first to brooklyn , ny and later to providence , ri to work for the speidel corporation . 
having married to a vegetarian from new mexico , who had well-established connections with indian monks and gurus , their house had become a first stop for all the visiting gurus . 
there is also a small supermarket that is open 24 hours and facilities like toilets and showers . 
an even older recipe had it made of chicken breast boiled in milk , almonds and thickened with flour and was meant as a bland food for the sick and weak . 
meanwhile , dreyfus , using fassbender 's invention , dissolves the united nations headquarters in new york city and blackmails the leaders of the world , including the president of the united states ( a thinly-veiled impersonation of gerald ford , advised by a poorly-camouflaged henry kissinger ) , into assassinating clouseau . 
the new language , common lisp , was somewhat compatible with the dialects it replaced ( the book common lisp the language notes the compatibility of various constructs ) . 
ascap award of merit for songwriting<br> 
cash has been seized in peculiar circumstances . 
on december 17 , 2005 , in a game against the cape breton screaming eagles , scott brophy scored the first hat trick for the fog devils . 
journal of integrative neuroscience 
married female brewers after the 14th century became less independent from their husbands , but remained in the trade as unofficial managers , brewing laborers , and tapsters in their husbands ' alehouses . 
these passages do not specify tying particular types or numbers of knots in the fringes . 
james gowen , described later in life as a " hot-tempered , domineering , old irishman",citation emigrated from ireland in 1811 . 
despite his role in the destruction of the christian communities of diyarbekir , reshid was embraced by the authorities of the newly established republic of turkey . 
the episode premiered on comedy central on september 24 , 2014 . 
the stations " İtÜ-ayazağa " and " atatürk oto sanayi " along the m2 line of the istanbul metro serve the maslak business district and its surrounding neighbourhoods . 
the school mascot is the lion . 
while he was working on the studio tracks for face down , richard ran into former mozes ( death metal ) band mates , jonas wigstad and tomas marklund , who were also very interested in the new band idea . 
instead of allowing d5 , white hopes to cause trouble for black by returning the piece while depriving him of the right to castle . 
ernest heads to the airport to pick up the sleigh , reindeer , and two of santa 's elves before they hit rush hour traffic . 
at some point thereafter , while back home in puerto rico , elisa is incarcerated . 
calleja observed the insurgent movements and prepared two cannons to repel their attack . 
after barclay 's death in 1798 his followers joined the congregationalists . 
negotiations first at dalat and later at fontainebleau broke down over the issue of the fate of southern vietnam . 
they see many amazing events and " freaks " , along with larten crepsley , who has a performing spider as well . 
wesley warns that a raid is going to happen there tonight , so the couple decides to leave , leaving cordelia and wesley their tickets . 
but as he leaves he slices conan with a hidden blade . 
fangio joined ferrari after mercedes-benz , with whom he had won the 1954 and 1955 titles , withdrew from the sport . 
the concept of wallace neutrality was first introduced by neil wallace ( wallace ( 1981 ) ) . 
older buildings were modernized inside and out . 
woodward denied having caused any injuries to matthew eappen , and dr raskin concluded that her answers to these questions were truthful to a confidence level of 95 percent . 
the rock focused on the hits of classic rock ; the vault on the " deeper cuts " of classic rock ; and big rock defined itself as " stadium rock " ( mostly glam metal with some arena rock ) . 
in 1962 and 1963 , wilder lived twenty months in the small town of douglas , arizona , apart from family and friends . 
baroque opera in particular was at the center of attention , with " cleopatra e cesare " , " croesus " , " l'opera seria " and " griselda " . 
the program included sickness insurance , accident insurance , disability insurance , and a retirement pension , none of which were then in existence to any great degree . 
we work to identify its cause , get rid of it and tackle the next source of excess noise . " 
additionally , on behalf of the department of homeland security : 
it is located at the intersection of glebe road ( virginia state route 120 ) and wilson boulevard in the ballston neighborhood of arlington , virginia , two blocks from ballston-mu station on the washington metro 's orange line . 
the building is located at 250 seventh street and is across the street from the present day beauregard memorial hospital . 
the range of formula_39 is the domain of the converse of formula_39 . 
he has actively participated in the development of biodefense strategy for the u.s. government , and between 1998 and 2005 he testified several times before the u.s. congress and other governments on biotechnology issues . 
wilfredo vázquez ( born august 2 , 1960 ) is a retired puerto rican professional boxer . 
his group has demonstrated the importance of the sperm centrosome-centriole complex during mammalian fertilization ( including humans ) , with the unexpected exception of rodents in which the centrosome is of maternal origin ( see selected publications ) . 
the kentucky river museum is located in a former lock operator 's dwelling . 
she won her age group in the girl 's european youth chess championship five times , in băile herculane 1994 , verdun 1995 , tallinn 1997 , mureck 1998 , and litochoro 1999 . 
elsewhere when single-digit roads were bypassed , roads were often re-numbered in keeping with the original zone boundaries . 
on july 17 , 1792 a battle ( the battle of włodzimierz ) took place in the vicinity of the town : a numerically inferior polish force led by tadeusz kościuszko defeated the russian army . 
hoop dance artists commonly refer to themselves , and the greater hoop dance community , as hoopers . 
he attended vicarage road school in birmingham and joined coles farm unity in 1892 . 
among these bill , sb 697 prohibits balance billing of patients in the california 's healthy families program , sb 1217 allows public oversight of the state bar pilots commission , sb 1356 , which aims to protect victims of domestic violence from the threat of jail when they refrain from testifying against their abuser in court , sb 1370 , which protects teachers from the retaliatory action of school officials as a result of student speech , sb 1696 , which states that contracts between a government and a private entity should be subject to the same disclosure requirements as other public records , and sb 1419 , which creates a double-fine zone on 19th and van ness avenues — an area area with a historically high pedestrian collision rate . 
sue rodriguez ( august 2 , 1950 – february 12 , 1994 ) was an advocate of assisted suicide . 
in addition to the overall northern union championship , these games ' results also counted towards final placings in the separate county competitions . 
as a result of his performance in the tournament , he was elected as the best goalkeeper in south america and to the best eleven team for the tournament . 
dharamraj is facing problems at his diamond factory . 
in presenting a silent half-hour with eugene , he supplied the pictures and left the dialogue up to the viewer 's imagination . 
the chosen mutation would then be the basis for another generation of biomorph mutants to be chosen from , and so on . 
on one of those occasions , at wellington , he carried his bat through the sri lankan innings . 
children are encouraged to participate in folklore ensembles from a very early age . 
these were joined by class bdhe4/4 no.15 in 1982 . 
it is situated between hinds and eiffelton on the banks of the hinds river , which reaches the pacific ocean not far to the southeast , between the nearby localities of longbeach and lowcliffe . 
the event is open . 
there is a ferry from list to the danish island of rømø . 
in 2007 , another los ciegos del barrio track , a bachata version of " brown eyed girl , " appeared on " sound insight : volume 1 , " a compilation cd recorded and sponsored by the performing arts division of the national federation of the blind ( united states ) , which features different blind artists from around the us . 
two years later she made a secret love marriage with charles rich , 4th earl of warwick , then a penniless younger son . 
the initial location was chosen following a competitive selection process . 
by using drone foundation in the brood nest a beekeeper can produce a large drone population to saturate the drone congregation area with drones of a given stock . 
she was recalled in 2005 after the assassination of the lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri . 
he then practiced law with his father in the law firm of hooker , keeble , dotson , and harris , one of the most prominent law firms in tennessee . 
the sooner 's leading rusher was brennan clay , who rushed for 44 yards on 17 carries . 
Đorđije Ćetković ( cyrillic : Ђорђије Ћетковић , born 1 march 1983 ) is a montenegrin international footballer playing with fk bežanija in the serbian first league . 
his writing has won several emmys , a g. foster peabody award , a thurgood marshall humanitarian award for excellence in journalism , as well as many other accolades . 
welsh 's crossing halt railway station 
as a result of the korean dragnet all but three of the french missionaries were captured and executed : among them were bishop siméon berneux , bishop antoine daveluy , father just de bretenières , father louis beaulieu , father pierre henri dorié , father pierre aumaître , father luc martin huin , all of them members of the paris foreign missions society and canonized by pope john paul ii on 6 may 1984 . 
they faced german champions bayern munich in the semi-finals . 
this species is found intertidal waters . 
striped bass have also been introduced into waters in ecuador , iran , latvia , mexico , russia , south africa , and turkey , primarily for sport fishing and aquaculture . 
once operational , the 322d flew two low-level bombing operations from bury st. edmunds . 
kant says the third type is self-contradictory , so he discusses only the remaining three types as components of his epistemological framework . 
the decision was made to move boyden station to south africa due to better weather conditions , and paraskevopoulos served there as director of boyden observatory in south africa from 1927 to 1951 . 
the peace accord was signed on september 21 , 2006 ending the maoist revolution . 
the only exception is the early production model 617-2 which was made with a ten shot , aluminium alloy .22lr cylinder . 
sheffield wednesday won the competition for the third and ( as of 2008 ) final time , beating west bromwich albion 4 – 2 in the final at wembley , winning through two late goals from ellis rimmer . 
platonic theology can refer to : 
critic john hartl compared the ear-cutting scene to the shower murder scene in " psycho " and tarantino to david lynch . 
most notably it has a supplementary school with over 200+ students attending daily to learn arabic and islamic studies . 
jordan hoffman read the book as a test case as to see whether or not he should read and review the non-canonical " star trek " novels for his blog . 
enrolling in courses , even short-term courses that merely scratch the 
her recent songs are " medhuvaagathaan " from " kochadaiiyaan " . 
in addition , waste containers are provided to allow for proper disposal of used paint supplies . 
apart from the pilot , all 52 episodes still reside within the bbc 's archives . 
people with akathisia are unable to sit or keep still , complain of restlessness , fidget , rock from foot to foot , and pace . 
in 1982 , ko propo introduced the expert ex-1 , credited for being the first to integrate a pistol grip into transmitter device with a gun trigger to act as the throttle , which later became a popular fixture in radio controlled tramnsmitters . 
the following two articles were published about " hobbit " in the your sinclair 
though personally not much in favour of the idea of female emancipation , he was one of the first men in bengal to open the door of higher education to women . 
place and date : at little blue , nebr. , may 15 , 1870 . 
boxing and training with the irish amateur boxing association , she is the current irish , european , world and olympic champion in the 60 kg division . 
one way the acquiring or surviving company can safeguard against the " dump " after the takeover is consummated is by requiring a lockup on the shares owned by the group from which they are purchasing the public shell . 
another sets forth a close relationship between hypothyroidism , thermogenesis , lipid metabolism , and obesity.[http://www.smj.org.sa/pdffiles/aug08/hypothyroidism.pdf ] 
if the river breaches its natural levees ( i.e. , during a flood ) , it spills out onto a new course with a shorter route to the ocean , thereby obtaining a more stable steeper slope . 
at the end of the second " outsiders " series , brion marries his long-time girlfriend , denise howard . 
among works exemplifying the " longue durée " braudel remarked on was alphonse dupront 's study of the long-standing idea in western europe of a crusade , which extended across diverse european societies far beyond the last days of the actual crusades , and among spheres of thought with a long life , he noted aristotelian science . 
emily became a teacher at law hill school in halifax beginning in september 1838 , when she was twenty . 
in 2003 henkell & söhnlein acquired the distribution and trademark rights for the menger-krug sparkling winery in deidesheim and s.c. astese production s.r.l. , in bucharest . 
he currently lives in thailand , and only returns to israel for brief visits . 
although no extensive archaeological work has been conducted in grassy cove , early farmers found projectile points and other prehistoric artifacts when plowing fields , suggesting that native americans were living in the cove during prehistoric times . 
centuries of migration , diaspora , assimilation , and cultural diversity made most filipinos open-minded in embracing interracial marriage and multiculturalism . 
the squadron flew missions in support of the vietnam war from 1965 – 1967 . 
valero claimed that his venezuelan doctor cleared him to fight on january 17 , 2002 , and he turned pro that july with a first-round ko . 
one has a justified belief that " p " if , and only if , the belief is the result of a reliable process . 
noo , skipper , mind , when in yor keel , 
an annual soap box derby has taken place in mid-july at richard 's castle on the shropshire/herefordshire border since 2004 . 
it is under the administration of meishan city , with the seat located west of downtown meishan and east of ya'an . 
there were 62 housing units at an average density of 8.5 per square mile ( 3.3/km² ) . 
an entirely different interpretation is that of jack reese , who argues that shakespeare 's use of language functions to remove the audience from the effects and implications of violence ; it has an almost brechtian " verfremdungseffekt " . 
however , their range of subject matter in all likelihood embraced more topics than those recorded in stone and buildings , and was more like what is found on painted ceramics ( the so-called &raspsquo; ceramic codex ' ) . 
the institute engages several prominent academic researchers , including : 
the farmer assurance provision ( known as monsanto protection act by critics ) was part of a bill to provide continued funding to the federal government in the ongoing us budget stalemate , and was signed into law by president barack obama on march 26 , 2013 . 
this was truly a " revolution " . 
generally , this means that the maker 's warranty is void and the manufacturer not liable for any damage to the gun or personal injury if handloaded ammunition is used which exceeded established limits for a particular arm . 
the chargers had upset victories over the dolphins and steelers in the afc playoffs . 
" the young men passed several resolutions rejecting the &raspsquo; uncalled for usurpation &raspsquo; of authority , keeping garrison in the title , authorizing the executive committee to rent a meeting room , and declaring that the name would be passed down &raspsquo; to posterity. &raspsquo; it was then ordered that a silk society banner be painted . 
subsequently pazder was part of the ccin ( cult crime impact network ) and lectured to police agencies about satanic ritual abuse during the late 1980s along with other speakers such as mike warnke . 
there are now several places in poland which claim his ghost appears there . 
nonetheless , the doctor will kill when given no other option and occasionally in self-defence ; examples of this can be seen in " the tomb of the cybermen " , " the dominators " , " the invasion " , " the krotons " , " spearhead from space " , " the sea devils " , " the three doctors " , " the brain of morbius " , " the talons of weng-chiang " , " the invasion of time " , " earthshock " , " arc of infinity " , " vengeance on varos " , " the two doctors " , " silver nemesis " , " world war three " , " the christmas invasion " , " tooth and claw " , " the age of steel " , " the runaway bride " , " smith and jones " and most notably in " remembrance of the daleks " when he arranges for the planet skaro to be destroyed ; it has also been stated numerous times in the series , beginning in 2005 , that he was responsible for destroying both the dalek and time lord races in order to end the time war . 
in the interview he declared that the macheteros " were going to pay close attention to what happened in vieques " and that the us government " knew they were serious " . 
the reserve was included on the list of unesco ramseur convention " on internationally important swampy areas as the birds ' residing places " together with ag-gel national park . 
songs like " mera sunder sapna " and " yaad karoge " from this film became instant hits . 
the erogenous zones may be classified by the type of sexual excitement that they provoke . 
pro tools le also lacked many features such as the ability to export to mp3 , smpte time code , automatic delay compensation ( adc ) , ability to import omf and aaf files , digibase pro , and multi-track beat detective . 
in 1977 he graduated from the university of edinburgh school of law with an llb ( first class honours ) and , the following year , from sheffield university with a postgraduate ma in criminology . 
( moore . ) 
it began on 2014 . 
he taught creative writing during the spring semester of 1986 at rutgers university in new jersey . 
prior to this time , only the operators of commercial vehicles , trucks , and buses were required to be licensed in louisiana . 
" the choice 2012 " ( " frontline " ) — michael kirk ; pbs ( tie ) <br> 
in 2012 , goldberg got a pilot commitment to shoot an autobiographical show about his family titled " how the f --- am i normal ? " and also reunited with fox on a pilot starring amanda michalka and alyson michalka . 
the promising result from australia was followed by disappointing performances , including both cars retiring for technical reasons at the bahrain grand prix . 
, ( thus spoke zarathustra or thus spake zarathustra ) is the oil painting cycle by lena hades , painted from 1995 to 1997 and inspired by friedrich nietzsche 's philosophical novel of the same name . 
in 1931-1932 , she studied piano at the baku academy of music . 
about 15.0 % of families and 18.7 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.4 % of those under age 18 and 12.5 % of those age 65 or over . 
william forgan smith ( 15 april 188725 september 1953 ) was premier of the australian state of queensland from 1932 to 1942 . 
the record is held by claudio langes , who failed to qualify ( or even pre-qualify ) for all of the 14 consecutive grands prix he entered with the small and dying eurobrun team in . 
abune antonios ( born july 12 , 1927 ) was the third patriarch of the eritrean orthodox tewahedo church . 
in november 2012 , the city council of culver city voted unanimously to approve a 75-year lease of the former united states national guard armory in culver city as the wende museum ’s permanent home . 
predicted overall survival at one year and 18 months for patients receiving the combination therapy was 29 percent and 18 percent , respectively , compared to 24 percent and 8 percent , respectively , for patients receiving taxotere alone . 
history and the milson deviation . 
the late 1980s and early 1990s are remembered as one of the most competitive eras of grand prix racing with a field rich in talent that included rainey , wayne gardner , mick doohan , eddie lawson and randy mamola . 
the contestants received 250 guineas each , with johnson also receiving two-thirds of the entrance takings ( after costs ) and perrins receiving the other third . 
he earned a b.a. degree from the universidad nacional de córdoba in 1962 , an msee degree from the universidad nacional de tucumán in 1967 , and a ph.d. in space physics from the catholic university of america in 1974 . 
for this race clement removed the blinkers that the colt had worn in his recent races . 
in the book , mccracken recounts how corporations that successfully adapt to the cultural changes tend to prosper . 
during his stay in gujarat , saadi learns more about the hindus and visits the large temple of somnath , from which he flees due to an unpleasant encounter with the brahmans . 
the former " vic suhling gas for less " filling station site at 334 historic old route 66 north in litchfield , illinois was redeveloped and opened in 2013 as the litchfield museum and route 66 welcome center . 
a number of catholic charismatic renewal movements emerged vis-a-vis the " born-again " movement during the 70s . 
this classification is based on the first web space . 
the median income for a household in the town was $ 41,994,and the median income for a family was $ 50,046. about 11.6 % of families and 9.2 % of the population were below the poverty line 
in the 1950s , nitsch conceived of the " orgien mysterien theater " ( which roughly translates as " theatre of orgies and mysteries " or " the orgiastic mystery theater " ) , staging nearly 100 performances between 1962 and 1998 . 
it is now an engineering school in france grandes écoles and of the groupe des écoles des mines . 
she taught history when she returned to south africa at rhodes university in grahamstown and university of the witwatersrand . 
they lie flat on their stomachs and eat the offering without touching it with their hands . 
detroit 's engine company no. 11 was organized as the " steam fire engine company #11 " on january 1 , 1884 . 
bird life is varied and rich . 
2009-10 total financial aid awarded : $ 21,909,570 
he has lectured on photography , authored books , and written columns . 
this undertaking , the mathematical and scientific parts of which fell to hutton , was completed in 1809 , and filled eighteen quarto volumes . 
the defensive ditches dug around the redoubt were about 5 metres deep . 
in a census conducted in 1922 by the british mandate authorities , " ras kerker " had a population of 209 , all muslims , increasing in the 1931 census to 291 , still all muslims , in a total of 75 houses . 
formed in 1985 , the troupe has since branched out and now provides a wide variety of audience interactive entertainment , including murder mysteries , team building , and children ’s performances . 
in switzerland , it took the single seven weeks to peak at number 23 , but stayed in the swiss top 40 for 18 weeks in total . 
the company is located along the st. joseph river and uses electricity from a small hydroelectric power plant at the niles , michigan dam . 
the two defeat him in a carnival house of mirrors , but from behind the mirrors , barrels open to release a gas that knocks out both heroes . 
the term for a four-day weekend in some spanish-speaking countries is " puente " ( " bridge " ) or simply " fin de semana largo " . 
sa-nur ( , " lit . " 
shriane was voted in as the &raspsquo; best aussie bloke &raspsquo; by the people of australia in the annual ballot . 
under tshibinda ilunga , the lunda empire rivals that of his brother even greatly surpassing it . 
in 2010 mike was commissioned to create a permanent suspended sculpture , titled " a musical composition " which hangs in cavern walks , mathew street , liverpool . 
they took from the prisoners whatever money they had left and announced that they would be transferred that night to the upper siniachikhensky factory compound . 
it was described by meyrick in 1932 . 
background vocals were sung by elisa fiorillo and wendy wright . 
the transition from the old frisian to the middle frisian period ( c.1550-c.1820 ) in the sixteenth century , is based on the fairly abrupt halt in the use of frisian as a written language . 
the busy highway would have continued north to interstate 75 , but because of the area 's high property value and the many lakes that dot the landscape such a project would have been far too costly . 
the play was directed by jürgen gosch . 
in july 1858 , gold was discovered along the south platte river in arapahoe county , kansas territory . 
she has had one of her biggest commercial successes with the drama " meeting past " ( 1966 ) , for which , in 1968 , she was awarded on leningrad ( now : saint petersburg ) film festival as a best actress . 
geoff bradford ( born geoffrey frank bradford ; 13 january 1934 – 24 march 2014 ) was an english guitarist who played alongside british blues musicians in the 1950s and 1960s , such as long john baldry and alexis korner . 
darwin 's importance as a port is expected to grow , due to the increased exploitation of petroleum in the nearby timor sea , and to the completion of the railway link and continued expansion in trade with asia . 
the parish church is dedicated to st augustine , who brought christianity to england . 
the college has eight departments and thirteen faculty members , housed in a separate building . 
the church is a religious association based on the principles of democracy . 
in 1993 , a group of fraud fighters in sacramento , california , formed an educational non-profit corporation to help meet local needs for low-cost training programs . 
the project is one of eight urban nodes of the " integrated sustainable rural development and urban renewal programme " announced by president thabo mbeki in his state of the nation address to parliament on 9 february 2001 . 
the hotel is a luxury boutique hotel located in the metro detroit city of birmingham , michigan . 
twelfth international- “ sculpture conference ” . 
toddlers will also begin to understand social etiquette such as being polite and taking turns . 
this " ab " designation denotes the apparent gravitational centre of the main binary system relative to other companion star(s) in any multiple star system . 
the original school building comprised seven classrooms with verandahs and two shelter sheds at the back . 
so far she has been the only ship of the royal navy to bear the name " upstart " . 
they have two daughters , caitlin and emilie . 
she left " mademoiselle " in 1960 to work on wall street for granger & company , working as a bond trader . 
the " osttruppen " surrendered quickly , and the biggest threat to the allies were the mines . 
two different railway companies connect the town to the rest of island , trenitalia links sassari to porto torres , oristano , cagliari , olbia , golfo aranci , and again the arst reach alghero , sorso , nulvi and palau . 
when a character dies , the next page of the book is black , in mourning . 
the jesuits conceived plans to move their efforts to the banks of the saint-laurent river . 
pilar , who had already forgotten about peter , says he is in love with diego because of an affair they had in the beginning of classes , but diego did it to the attention of roberta . 
in 1982 , the building was declared a fire hazard and closed for all uses . 
qiongzhong li and miao autonomous county . 
this is doppler spreading , the frequency domain counterpart of coherence time . 
about 6.1 % of families and 8.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.2 % of those under age 18 and 13.3 % of those age 65 or over . 
while the organizers estimated an attendance of 300,000 people , the media and police estimates ranged from 35,000 to 60,000 , mostly middle-class residents of buenos aires . 
this implies that the result of the prewitt operator at an image point which is in a region of constant image intensity is a zero vector and at a point on an edge is a vector which points across the edge , from darker to brighter values . 
the were submarines of the imperial japanese navy during world war ii . 
the syrian government claimed its military actions were in response to armed gangs attacking buildings and forcing people to protest , allegations rejected by protesters and american diplomats inside the country . 
in 1926 , complaints were made that horses and carts were causing obstructions by stopping at a water trough at the junction of dunstable road and leagrave road . 
taylor was the highest-selected baylor defensive tackle since daryl gardener in 1996 . 
a black four-seater banner-towing cessna 172k skyhawk , registration c-gqor , crashed on vogell road near the intersection of highway 404 and 16th avenue . 
in july , he was traded by the diamondbacks with brent mayne to the los angeles dodgers for koyie hill , reggie abercrombie , and bill murphy ( minors ) . 
the group initially was formed around 1988 , in the worst times of the club , when the youth members of the official group at the time ( imperio azul , or blue empire ) started to make a change in the way of supporting the team that was more related to the barra brava style from argentina . 
the interior also looks similar to mp 89's interior , but with new security features added . 
within a few years , the carolina christian college and the free will baptist seminary were established . 
the no. 68 was an early form of shaped charge grenade , and has some claim to have been the first high explosive , anti tank ( heat ) device in use . 
she was put in reserve but in january 1946 was re-commissioned as the senior officer 's ship in the fishery protection squadron where she served for two years before being put in reserve again . 
the club is affiliated to hälsinglands fotbollförbund . 
saddam used these weapons against iranian forces in the iran – iraq war , and against kurdish civilians in the iraqi town of halabja . 
tannenbaum demonstrated a strong selective advantage for sexual reproduction with fewer and much less restrictive assumptions than previously considered . 
thompson announced his resignation from the house of delegates in july 2007citing the necessity of longer than expected medical care . 
the world 's largest organization for leather research , the central leather research institute , is located in adyar . 
the team never claimed any national , insular and cup titles . 
his book was printed on paper made from wood shavings ( and adhered together ) . 
the album was released in 1982 on arista records and comprises eight of the eleven tracks from their second album , " set " , plus two of the singles from their debut album , " a product of ... 
sartre calls “ bad faith ” a kind of project of self-deception . 
labour were defending 8 seats , the conservatives 7 . 
on april 29 , just eight days after the killing , anderson was charged with murder . 
the stem and foliage are fleshy , with the leaves thick and oval or spade-shaped . 
later , these musicians were joined by keyboardist tony kaye and , eventually , jon anderson , both founding members of the then-disbanded yes . 
on the hot adult top 40 tracks chart , the song reached number one , making it their third top five hit and second number one on that chart . 
it was made in the shape of a dome with a short protruding rim all the way around it the ijn 's type 2 had a less flared rim . 
audiences , which included soldiers on leave , wanted light and uplifting entertainment during the war , and these shows delivered it . 
philmont station was built in 1913 by the reading railroad . 
garib was born and raised in the small canadian town of penticton , british columbia while also spending time living in kolkata , west bengal where her father 's family is from . 
in 1945 , the first new york fashion week was held , with one main purpose : to distract attention from french fashion during world war ii , when workers in the fashion industry were unable to travel to paris . 
for faster serial data communication , opto 22’s mistic protocol and hardware may be used at speeds to 115.2 kbit/s . 
he received his bachelor 's degree in physical education in 1983 from kansas state university , where he became a member of the acacia fraternity . 
the company 's gear shaping machinery spanned extremes in capability between being able to produce gears with a 100-inch pitch diameter ( the diameter at the bottom of the tooth ) to 1/16-inch pitch diameter . 
while the natives of the amami islands chose the academic term " min'yō " to describe amami 's traditional songs , some people from outside the amami islands used the term " shima-uta " proactively . 
the park is located amidst the floodplain of elk creek , and a small lake and several large ponds flank the park 's central area . 
william houston stewart is sometimes referred to as william houston shaw-stewart ; his paternal grandfather was sir michael shaw-stewart , bt ( 1766 – 1825 ) . 
also , this year marks the first time since 2004 that two canadian teams have played each other in the playoffs . 
the agency cooperates with the armenia tourism development agency ( atda ) as armenia is the only way tourists ( mainly armenians ) can access karabakh . 
he " selected " 320 acres ( 130 hectares ) of the very best land , and continued to farm it until his death . 
they did not understand what he was saying and thought he was referring to the plants " sansevieria ehrenbergii " , to which they responded " oldupaai " . 
emmons has been a resident of mount holly township , new jersey . 
in 209 bc , the seleucid king antiochus iii recaptured parthia , which had been previously seized from the seleucids by the arsaces i and the parni around 247 bc . 
the lincolnshire fa runs a number of cups at different levels for teams all across lincolnshire . 
however , in may 1919 , a team led by the british astronomer arthur stanley eddington claimed to have confirmed einstein 's prediction of gravitational deflection of starlight by the sun while photographing a solar eclipse with dual expeditions in sobral , northern brazil , and príncipe , a west african island . 
in 1936 , at the age of 43 , rogan appeared in the east-west all-star game . 
a flood moves down the river reaching a flat region , formed from kalahari sands , about five hundred kilometres across . 
indigenous forests are confined to corridors along stream courses . 
while filling in , he would say he was on the dan ingram show , but did not identify himself , nor would he claim to be dan either ) moved from overnights to afternoons , and sturgis griffin joined for overnights , while howard hoffman did evenings . 
( " the journal of business communication " , fall 1987:21 – 34 ) and " the layer-based , pragmatic model of the communication process . " 
lorelai , however , remains furious at emily for some time and eventually forgives her . 
chedworth lends money to arthur to cover his gambling debts to a bookmaker , and is persuaded by the bookmaker on a long-shot wager . 
in 2011 , hill place was the subject of a channel 4 television documentary presented by hotelier ruth watson as part of her " country house rescue " series . 
it is named for john boyle , congressman , chief justice of the kentucky court of appeals , and u.s. district judge . 
fairfield area school district did not apply to participate and consequently , did not receive any funding over the three-year period of the program . 
he is the co-editor of " the collected poems of larry eigner , volumes 1-4 " published by stanford university press in 2010 , and was the editor of robert creeley 's " selected poems " , published in 1976 . 
the afghan troops manned the first and last vehicles in the five humvee convoy . 
he was a member of the royal australasian ornithologists union ( raou ) , and made a fellow of the raou in 1970 . 
hence , a very high percentage of subjects who seem to have a history of a disorder at interview are false positives for such a medical condition and apparently never suffered a fully clinical syndrome . 
the coaches traveled east across canada , visiting over 100 communities including all eight cfl cities as well as ottawa , quebec city , moncton , and halifax . 
edwin henry palmer ( june 1 , 1893 – january 9 , 1983 ) nicknamed " baldy " , was a third baseman in major league baseball . 
the fleshy brown flowers are jug-shaped and may remain buried in the leaf litter . 
dissipative systems with supply rate 
2009 – 2013 : administration and three relegations . 
his older sister was susan b. anthony . 
ellis married anne johnson in 1922 . 
eighteen albums were released following year , including boyd 's " million ways to love part 1 " , which had 350,000 copies sold . 
after leaving school , he worked for shell and did his national service in the royal army ordnance corps , working in personnel selection . 
it is named after ludwig bruns . 
the episode starts with paramedics tom neilson and sam aleni driving down a road with their siren on . 
the vma central booking office would arrange all bookings for touring performers in exchange for 5 % of their pay . 
as the fish grows , the gill rakers become too far apart to catch small prey and the bream will not then grow bigger than . 
made for $ 150,000 , " mundane history " was financed by the filmmaker 's family and friends as well as grants and awards from the hubert bals fund of the rotterdam international film festival . 
silva defeated both opponents on the same night to win the tournament . 
this gantry was quite a structure as it had to span the douglas valley crossing the river , the canal and the main rail line to southport . 
however , it then began to increase again in the late 1980s , encouraged by strong economic performance and an increasingly positive image . 
to this day , the division known as " salem music network " operates three satellite-driven networks . 
previously , she played bass and did vocals for several years with craig flanagin in the band god is my co-pilot , with which she went on tours in the 1990s . 
then sh 6 is taken to waco . 
this is a list of superfund sites in oregon designated under the comprehensive environmental response , compensation , and liability act ( cercla ) environmental law . 
in september 2012 , cmsaf roy announced his retirement , effective february 1 , 2013 . 
his firm , symaction communications , has offices in los angeles , ca and washington , dc . 
he was nominated for both the hugo award for best fan artist and the hugo award for best dramatic presentation in 1976 , and won " best fan artist " in 1977 and 1978 . 
it is found in peru . 
therefore , it is hypothesized that the prrh rna plays a role in " p. aeruginosa 's " adaptability as a human pathogen . 
it contains a mere 2 genera at present , but as not all theclinae have been assigned to tribes , this is preliminary . 
there are some advantages by using healthy volunteers . 
they include the most significant body of historic irish architectural drawings in the world , with in excess of 250,000 drawings ranging in date from the late seventeenth to the twentieth centuries . 
however , ancel was notably absent from the project after its e3 announcement , and he has made no public appearances regarding the game after the development team switched focus from a free-roaming platformer to the final mini games format shortly after e3 . 
the eagles played their home games in 1998 at alumni stadium in chestnut hill , massachusetts , which has been their home stadium since 1957 . 
for the early years of its existence , its forces normally consisted of an aircraft carrier battle group ( cvbg ) , an amphibious ready group ( arg ) , surface combatants , submarines , maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft , and logistics ships . 
superbreak provides a wide range of accommodation from 2 star budget hotels or apartments to 5 star luxury boutiques with a range of bed and breakfast , room only or dinner , bed and breakfast offers available . 
the remaining 49.41 % spoke cebuano ( 46.32 % ) , abaknon ( 1.43 % ) , and other dialects ( 1.66 % . 
due to overpopulation on these worlds , the character decides that the macroscopic world will be an ideal new base . 
in 1996 , her spiritual teacher &raspsquo; swami rama &raspsquo; arranged her marriage to one of his followers , a pharmaceutical businessman named ralph sharma , who is half-indian and half-german . 
some of the more popular copper alloys and their associated unified numbering system ( uns ) numbers developed by astm and sae are as follows : 
chandraprabha aitwal ( born december 24 , 1941 ) is an indian mountain climber and one of the pioneers of indian women mountaineers . 
bruce wayne must contact her within an hour , but the police cannot find the millionaire ( because he is currently batman ) batman tells commissioner james gordon that he 'll track wayne down , and with just over half the hour remaining , wayne reaches police headquarters . 
temperatures in the area of the city can range up to over the course of the year , with a daily average of in january , compared to in july . 
christopher charles " chris " john ( born january 5 , 1960 ) is american politician who was a democratic member of the u.s. house of representatives from 1997 to 2005 , representing louisiana 's 7th congressional district . 
his partner in india cheats him , and tony now wants to teach him a lesson . 
häxan is a soundtrack to the 1922 swedish/danish silent horror film movie of the same name composed by barði jóhannsson . 
this can be seen in the rise of later models which returned to a focus of the subjective nature of human experience , for example , the later popularity of post-modern thinking highlighting the subjective basis of semantics . 
some modern aircraft are equipped with enhanced flight vision systems based on infrared sensors , that provide a day-like visual environment and allow operations in conditions and at airports that would otherwise not be suitable for a landing . 
also , for a short period , the 4.30pm bulletin was broadcast coupled with introductions and weather reports produced by the station in newcastle . 
this school is located at kong jung road,dashi town , taoyuan county on a county of 2.8931 hectares 
hynes made his test debut for the wallabies as one of the two run-on wingers against ireland in melbourne on 14 june 2008 . 
in 2012 , astrium had a turnover of € 5.8 billion and 18,000 employees in france , germany , the united kingdom , spain and the netherlands . 
the stooges play the proprietors of the cafe casbah bah , a middle eastern restaurant . 
knife resistant armours are designed to defend against knife attacks , some of these use layers of metal plates , mail and metallic wires . 
north texas regional airport / perrin field is a county owned airport in grayson county , texas between sherman and denison . 
niger – congo languages have a clear preference for open syllables of the type cv ( consonant vowel ) . 
theophanes considers the son stillborn and unnamed . 
following the release of " heroine " , kapoor married actor saif ali khan on 16 october 2012 . 
haralambie corbu was decorated with moldova 's highest state decoration – the order of the republic . 
the state of mississippi 's history goes back beyond american statehood to ancient native american times . 
onderwijzer was appointed rabbi of the ashkenazi community in amsterdam on july 5 , 1888 . 
the 59th all-star game was held at scotiabank place in ottawa , ontario , the home arena of the ottawa senators , on january 29 , 2012 . 
its branch schools are located in china , south korea , philippines , vietnam , turkey and france . 
his mother and grandmother arranged a marriage with vittoria della rovere , a granddaughter of the duke of urbino , in 1634 . 
the other counties must lobby the state legislature — and " ipso facto " uninvolved parts of the state — to pass even the simplest local laws . 
w. g. sebald had this to say : “ the universality of krasznahorkai 's vision rivals that of gogol 's dead souls and far surpasses all the lesser concerns of contemporary writing . ” 
she has been involved in the adoptee community for many years , but lee herself is not adopted . 
archaeology experts suggest the lack of building ruins is because the site is located near a large river surrounded by tropical rainforest with no stone quarry near the area . 
in 1964 oskar kuhn renamed " centrosaurus longirostris " into " monoclonius longirostris " . 
the following year , during the 1921 italian general election , donati participated in the civil voluntary service and created propaganda for the fascist national candidates . 
the original pipe organ was replaced in 1928 , on a new balcony , by the current model , formerly in use at manhattan 's central presbyterian church . 
when the mormons tried using the donner blazed trail in 1847 they were forced to abandon most of it and cut ( with many more settlers available to clear trees and brush ) a new and much easier to use trail ( part of the mormon trail ) to the salt lake valley — taking 10 days of hard work to get through the wasatch mountains . 
the swordsman miyamoto musashi was present in the besieging army , in an advisory role to hosokawa tadatoshi . 
having returned to leipzig , he started devoting himself to composition , primarily for the piano ( encouraged by edvard grieg , whom he greatly admired ) ; and in 1904 he met the berlin publisher carl simon , who introduced him to the harmonium . 
through the australian sports commission , the federal government also sponsors owia to the tune of more than a million dollars a year . 
deputy chief johnson sometimes uses deceit and intimidation to persuade a suspect to confess . 
sherakot is an administrative unit , known as union council of kohistan district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan . 
images of carly everett nsw finalist for miss universe australia 2012 wearing harlette 's designs have been seen in her daily telegraph ( australia ) article 16 april 2012 
the title hero of the soviet union was bestowed on 122 members of naval infantry units . 
visitors are frisked and bags and baskets are checked for explosives . 
can be found elsewhere . ) 
the university 's main campus lies within the city of waterloo , ontario . 
ten athletes ( eight men and two women ) from yugoslavia competed at the 1996 summer paralympics in atlanta , united states . 
in 1924 after the collapse of her marriage and facing financial ruin she embarked on a career as a garden designer . 
he went on to the school in granada , 1847-1848 , where he studied physics , chemistry and natural history . 
the same organizing system is evident at sălacea , where a megaron-type sanctuary has been explored . 
his son was politician andreas avgerinos . 
the wounded admiral rozhestvensky was a prisoner in a japanese hospital . 
making music works to create partnerships with media organisations , musical organisations and charities to develop opportunities for their members . 
together with celso grebogi ( university of aberdeen , uk ) he was the editor of the book recent progress in controlling chaos . 
the prosecution 's case was aided by tapes recorded of conversations by demeter after his wife 's murder . 
at the 1925 geneva conference for the supervision of the international traffic in arms the french suggested a protocol for non-use of poisonous gases . 
the conversion course is open to qualified cicpa members and successful candidates are eligible for direct membership of aia . 
after gurukula schooling in childhood and later at vailoppilli sreedhara menon memorial government vocational higher secondary school , he learned ashtanga hridayam from kuttancheri valiya aaryan moose and manu moose . 
in addition to his early influence on robert johnson and muddy waters , he became an inspiration to john hammond , alan wilson ( of canned heat ) , bonnie raitt , the white stripes , dallas green and john mooney . 
william leach ( labour politician ) 
he has also been travelling across time in order to save krypton from destruction , but his travels have caused damage to the timeline . 
the 34th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 34 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane . 
jason scott merrells ( born 2 november 1968 in epping , essex ) is an english actor , who is best known for his roles as receptionist matt hawley in " casualty " , stylist gavin ferraday in " cutting it " , head master jack rimmer in " waterloo road " and most recently as home farm 's most recent owner declan macey in " emmerdale " . 
wall paintings from the tomb of chief vizier ramosa illustrate this overthrow . 
in the 2009/2010 season he won the sixth event and was runner-up in the third event of the international open series and finished fifth in the rankings . 
their daughter olga ramel ( 1912-2011 ) later settled in sweden . 
the bank of jordan offers credit cards and internet banking . 
florrie forde 's song " hold your hand out naughty boy " was added to the national film and sound archive 's sounds of australia registry in 2013 . 
returning to the caucasus , nicolai was appointed first in the winter expedition against the highlanders , then transferred to the kabardian regiment , which has since been inextricably linked its activities . 
the forces involved in this conflict were 40,000 swedish troops under gustavus adolphus and 25,000 catholic league troops under count johan tzerclaes of tilly . 
the upper level resembles the earlier rock-cut tombs found elsewhere on the islands . 
when a policy is " enabled " , group policy will add the nodrivetypeautorun entry to the registry . 
she dedicated it to " anyone in a relationship that 's unapproved of by their mother or government " . 
the yea primary school and the catholic sacred heart parish primary school provide education for primary-level students . 
the name of the county is pronounced with the emphasis or accent on the first syllable , just as its namesake david burnet . 
its theme is frontier spirit . 
they tend to be ethnocentric and prejudiced against racial and ethnic minorities and homosexuals . 
five examples had been built in time for t81's first race , the non-championship brdc international trophy at silverstone on may 14th . 
unlike male priests , vestals were freed of the traditional obligations of marrying and producing children , and were required to take a vow of chastity that was strictly enforced : a vestal polluted by the loss of her chastity while in office was buried alive . 
free education has become available through several websites with some resembling the courses of study of accredited universities . 
the old nair lord family at koipuram in eraviperoor was in close touch with the kings . 
it was published by riverside books in 1995 . 
he was elected a fellow of the royal society in 1674 . 
" t " indicates a tie for a place.<br> 
robertson , brought up at the benedictine abbey at regensburg in germany , managed to pass through occupied germany under the guise of " adam rohrauer " , a dealer in cigars and chocolate . 
due to the war of the sicilian vespers , the new fortress remained uninhabited until 1285 , when charles died and was succeeded by his son , charles ii . 
horne considered that it was not the physical problem of combining his two careers , but the mental strain of problems in his business life ; accordingly he decided to give up commerce and concentrate on a career in entertainment . 
calais is a service by thomson reuters that automatically extracts semantic information from web pages in a format that can be used on the semantic web . 
that same year , 1926 , aberdare merged with nearby aberaman athletic ; the first team continued to compete in the football league under the name aberdare athletic , while the reserve team played in the welsh league under the name " aberdare & aberaman athletic " . 
the revenues from the sale of the single and downloads was donated to f.a.m. ( fight aids monaco ) charity , in support of building a house called " maison de vie " ( house of life ) near avignon which offers both psychological and material aid to persons living with either hiv and aids and their families . 
in september 2008 the gallery announced that it was making its biggest-ever acquisition , paul cézanne 's landscape " " bords de la marne " " , for $ 16.2 million to mark capon 's 30th anniversary as director . 
dr. lee shau kee gbm ( chinese : 李兆基 ; pinyin : lǐ zhàojī , born january 29 , 1928 in shunde , guangdong ) is a property developer and majority owner of henderson land development ( hkse:0012 ) , a property conglomerate with interests in properties , hotels , town gas and internet services . 
consumer purchases of new mexico 's brewery products generated more than $ 69 million extra in tax revenue . 
this goddess was the wife ( in some myths , sister ) of the rain god , tlaloc . 
langmaid was the official war artist to the commander-in-chief mediterranean fleet from 1941 to 1943 . 
in the sixteenth lived varahi alias dandini who was her commander in chief . 
a year later hibbett taught microbiology at framingham state college for the spring semester . 
it was also the fourth time southern miss played in the new orleans bowl in the game 's nine-year history . 
several factions pursue the papers . 
harris tried investigative journalism next but quit after realizing he did not like to embarrass people . 
the 1764 season marks the beginning of the " hambledon era " in earnest and it is believed to be about this time that the hambledon club was founded . 
much about this kingdom is still unknown , despite its thousand year existence and considerable power and geographic size . 
it was created after division of oblast of siberia krygyz to oblasts of aqmola and semirechye in 21 october 1868 . 
although some states and territories have particular laws and regulations , there are some stipulations that need to be abided by right across the nation . 
there are links to and articles on each of the stations , describing their local programming , hosts and technical information , such as broadcast frequencies . 
in europe , because of climate conditions , bathing lakes are mostly used in the summer . 
world touring car championship . 
" beata beatrix " is one of rossetti 's most recognized works and has made siddal 's name to be one that is frequently linked with dante alighieri 's beatrice . 
this can be proved ( for integer t ) by using the formula for geometric series : ( using y=1-x ) 
vavroušek was killed with his daughter petra by an avalanche on march 18 , 1995 while hiking in the slovak mountains with his daughter petra . 
according to the deal maritime museum and other sources , there are records of as many as 800 sailing ships at anchor at one time . 
the latter part of this decade saw the expansion of peter jackson 's filmmaking empire with jackson optioning the rights to " the lovely bones " , " halo " , " the dam busters " and the fantasy dragon series " temeraire " . 
originally bearing the name " gurjarpadhye " , many now prefer to call themselves gurjar . 
kate attacks a man with the gun , and the two make flee into the forest . 
pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources : 1 ) property tax collections , which account for the vast majority ( between 75 – 85 % ) of local revenues ; and 2 ) act 511 tax collections ( local tax enabling act ) , which are around 15 % of revenues for school districts . 
in 2002 , richardson ran for governor of oklahoma as an independent candidate . 
the goods depot was to the west of the station and was demolished in the 1960s . 
a portuguese expedition of the late 18th century burned all indian villages in the territory , which was then under french influence , and deported the palikur , who had become allies with the french , into the interior of brazil . 
mtv europe music awards 2008 liverpool - best italian act 
the racial makeup of the city was 84.8 % white , 0.7 % black or african american , 0.8 % american indian , 2.5 % asian , 1.1 % pacific islander , 6.6 % from other races , and 3.4 % from two or more races . 
spinal tap-like experience . 
their cover version became a number #1 r&b and #8 pop hit . 
in order to minimise damage to nearby buildings , sergeant hollands built sandbag screening walls . 
one-piece tailplane ( fully mobile/all-flying ) controlled by rigid rods and ball joints . 
yahoo featured the video on their site as well . 
sir salimullah 's great leadership had transformed the dhaka nawab family into one of the most historic and significant political dynasties in the indian subcontinent . 
at the 2006 census , its population was 123 , in 29 families . 
such an outflanking of the isthmus required the use of the persian navy , and thus the neutralisation of the allied navy . 
he was also awarded an m. a. from the university of oxford in 1967 . 
this restriction was relaxed for season 6 , allowing for the finalists to choose from many genres of music , but the songs were arranged to maintain a country sound . 
his eight interceptions tied a clemson school record . 
jacques talbot ( 12 november 1678 ( bap ) – january 2 , 1756 ) minor cleric , schoolmaster ; b. at la plaine ( dept. of maine-et-loire ) , france , and baptized 12 nov. 1678 , son of jacques talbot and mathurine sylvain ; d. 2 jan. 1756 in montreal . 
outnumbered at least three to one , using outmoded equipment and facing " fliegerführer irak " , the british still managed to conquer iraq in less than four weeks. . 
the first official quarters for the chs was over a store at 124 main street in hartford . 
professional growers and keen amateurs also use such methods as " twin-scaling " to increase the stock of choice cultivars quickly . 
love , with many others , was arrested on 7 may 1651 . 
it can be easily propagated by taking cuttings and planting them in the substrate . 
in 2001 he came in 6th . 
soon after this , megan 's sister sarah was kidnapped by crime boss carlo hesser . 
interestingly , there were several articles of the types which han had expressly forbidden from submission , such as cut and paste jobs , pornographic literature and dissertations . 
during the co-ordination of the co-operation among the nb-8 foreign ministries in 2012 , latvia initiated the preparation of a comprehensive analysis and recommendation how to advance the nordic-baltic co-operation . 
she was renamed ss " transartic " , but was reacquired by marad on 27 august 1965 . 
she also went on a pilgrimage to mt . 
count higashifushimi kunihide was born as , the youngest child of lieutenant colonel prince kuniyoshi kuni and his wife , the former shimazu chikako ( 19 october 1879 - 9 september 1956 ) . 
together the two words mean the " timeless , eternal being " . 
wyld lies to the northeast of the larger hirayama and to the west of saha . 
instead , it should be rinsed with fresh water and allowed to air-dry . 
the story was picked up and reported in other publications not just domestically , but also in germany , at the time europe 's largest national car market and an important target export market for the company . 
it makes no sense — glenda is broke , so why would she leave a pile of money in her bedroom cupboard ? 
the german emperors had an extensive list of titles and claims that reflected the geographic expanse and diversity of the lands ruled by the house of hohenzollern . 
even when lumpkin county did receive its first railroad in the 1910s there was still no direct rail to dahlonega . 
from february 1845-july 1847 , " porpoise " cruised in the gulf of mexico , participating in the naval operations against tampico , pánuco , and veracruz during the war with mexico . 
in august 2012 , raleigh studios ended their management agreement with the studios . 
like many of the natural wetland areas in illinois , climatic shift is negatively impacting this natural biotope . 
it is still available through the andersonville national historic site . 
rapley became a fellow of st edmund 's college , cambridge in 1999 and was awarded the cbe . 
ligabue wrote the screenplays of radiofreccia and dazeroadieci and acted in the film niente paura . 
the first four ap1000 reactors are being built at sanmen and haiyang , for cnnc and cpi respectively . 
hence the process of transesterification can run inline rather than using the time consuming batch processing . 
electorate ( as at 11 november 2011 ) : 47,712 
discriminatory statements attributed to fukuzawa , he says , were actually due to ishikawa . 
a high sided truck loaded with chocolate was blown over on the european route e34 between antwerp and germany shedding its contents on the road and causing delays . 
market is located just down at kendriya vihar . 
it is unclear , for example , how many of the world 's 7.13 billion people have most of their economic activity reflected in these valuations . 
the administrative center of this woreda is named kamashi ; population details of this town are not available . 
he steals her scarf and constantly looks upon her as more than a pupil . 
the admiral disembarked upon her arrival at norfolk on 25 october . 
the provincial party became defunct following leader henri-françois gautrin 's resignation in 1979 . 
they currently are sponsoring joe nemechek and the deware racing group 86 chevy in the nascar nationwide series . 
the branch line has 8 level crossings along its length , all of which are protected by compulsory stop signs . 
in september 2012 , pontes took over at fc chibuto in mozambique . 
the stream leaves the main course of the river thames at the south end of port meadow , immediately upstream of medley footbridge , split by the northern part of fiddler 's island to the west . 
the walk back corresponds to ( 8,8 ) , ( 7,7 ) , ( 7,6 ) , ( 6,5 ) , ( 5,4 ) , ( 4,3 ) , ( 3,2 ) , ( 2,1 ) , ( 1,1 ) , and ( 0,0 ) , 
in addition , the song was used repeatedly over a number of months as the " on hold " music for apple uk 's customer support . 
leased islands include kwajalein , meck , eniwetak , omelek , gellinam , gagan , ennugarret , and roi-namur on the eastern side of the atoll and ennylabegan , legan , and illeginni on the western side of the atoll . 
visualvm organizes jvm data that is retrieved by the java development kit ( jdk ) tools and presents the information in a way that allows data on multiple java applications to be quickly viewed — both local applications and applications that are running on remote hosts . 
hydrodyne produced many different hulls ranging from small runabouts all the way up to house boats . 
the viadera ( , ; also spelled " viadeyra " or " viandela " ) was a lyric genre of catalan and occitan literature invented by the troubadours . 
the river valley has two major reserve forest areas , namely the royal manas national park ( , established in 1966 ) in bhutan and the contiguous manas wildlife sanctuary ( in 1955 increased to in december 1985 ) encompassing project tiger reserve , an elephant reserve and a biosphere reserve , which constitutes a unesco world heritage site declared in december 1985 . 
<br>2nd place - david herschorn , best sports photo 
tenants expressed a 65 % majority in favour , although most leaseholders opposed the move . 
in 1275 the castle was the site of the wedding of countess euphemia of ortenburg with count albert i of gorizia . 
300,000 for indiscipline during the national camp in karachi . 
the rocher rond ( round rock ) is a summit in the dévoluy massif of the french alps . 
meanwhile , annette tries to escape with another sample of the g-virus , but is fatally wounded by her mutated husband . 
take this waltz is a 2011 comedy-drama film . 
quite novel ! " . 
he died after a short illness of cerebrovascular disease and pneumonia at leura in the blue mountains . 
it ceased broadcasts from berlin on 15 july 1994 , following the end of the cold war , german reunification , and the withdrawal of british forces from the city , after 33 years . 
in over-the-knee boots , flexion of the knee is usually attained by a vent at the back of the boot , running from the top of the shaft to the back of the knee . 
" i had to lose a lot of muscle because these officers look like regular people . 
the saudi arabia ministry of education , general administration , approves the school for expatriate education . 
on november 9 , 2011 , it was announced that cogeco would sell cjec-fm , as well as cfel-fm , to leclerc communication inc. , a company owned by quebec city businessman jacques leclerc , owner of laura secord chocolates and biscuits leclerc . 
the article also described ruperti ’s lifestyle , noting that he has two south korean bodyguards , moves about caracas in a bullet-proof bmw , owns a private jet , and in 2005 sponsored a charity concert held in caracas by luciano pavarotti . 
one of these casual jam sessions was captured on film , in " doughboys " ( 1930 ) , in which buster and cliff scat-sing their way through " you never did that before " . 
it is listed as a threatened species in the united states on september 28 , 1989 . 
even though swr is a commercial station , there have n't been many advertisers . 
the museum is to be expanded with the addition of two new large exhibition halls adjacent to the existing roundhouse , opening in spring 2016 . 
xi realises that , in such a chaotic era , the only way to survive is to resort to violence , and he eventually becomes a powerful gang boss in shanghai . 
bandaged and bruised from his encounter with sam , kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters . 
when immigrants from arab states began to arrive in new york in the 1930s , dancers started to perform in nightclubs and restaurants . 
camden county college provides an excellent academic and athletic option for student-athletes pursuing an associate 's degree while continuing their athletic pursuits . 
an area code consists of two or three digits . 
etiolated stipes ( elongation without cap maturation ) is caused when grown without light . 
" cyanea acuminata " ( honolulu cyanea ) <br> 
her family includes three brothers , one sister , and parents who are still married . 
michael lasaponara played drums in the california based-band william tell for a short while , appearing on " last call with carson daly " . 
some have claimed that the red hot chili peppers single " dani california " , released in may 2006 , is very similar to petty 's " mary jane 's last dance " . 
the hegemonic conflict was ideological , between communism and capitalism , as well as geopolitical , between the warsaw pact countries ( 1955 – 1991 ) and nato/seato/cento countries ( 1949 – present ) . 
strength and honour is a boxing film that was shot in cork , ireland . 
the association had total success in its mission for five years — from 1966 until 1971 . 
the documentary , which advocates the repeal of hb 56 , is a collaborative effort on the part of define american , america 's voice , and the center for american progress . 
in june 1649 he preached at breda on the royal martyrdom before charles ii and the princess of orange ; in drawing an elaborate parallel between charles i and jesus , leslie compared presbyterianism and independency to the two thieves between whom christ was crucified . 
he also appeared in an episode of the nbc sitcom " silver spoons " , which featured him delivering a mock press conference praising recurring character freddy lippincottleman 's efforts on behalf of the homeless . 
this government does n't seek dialogue . 
the horse is then said to have a " full " mouth . 
despite being well-rewarded , the gong farmer 's job was considered by historians on " the worst jobs in history " television series to be one of the worst of the tudor period . 
the tarp cpp preferred stock carried an initial periodic payment of 5 % for the initial five-year term , stepping-up to 9 % for the remainder of its life , plus warrants to purchase shares of the recipients ’ common stock . 
he was raised by a single mother after his parents ' divorce when he was 3 years old . 
nevertheless , as recent research shows , the level of lead in this water continued to be 100 times higher than in local spring waters . 
this linked the capital city of jakarta to the neighboring cities of bogor and ciawi south of the capital . 
to limit sediment run-off during earthworks straw bales and stormwater settling ponds are used . 
in january 2010 , however , the isle of man department of tourism and leisure announced that it would be holding its own electric motorcycle race , the tt zero , without involvement by ttxgp . 
in 1998 he became chief designer at seat , where he was able to input his personal style in , for example , the seat ibiza , cordoba and altea . 
hayward regional shoreline is a regional park located on the shores of the san francisco bay in hayward , california . 
arthur burke &raspsquo; at the gun end of 105 battery &raspsquo; wrote , &raspsquo; we 've fired more rounds in the last 48 hours than the first 20 days of last month – 2,000 rounds ' . 
in his 1972 paper , rittel hints at a collaborative approach ; one which attempts " to make those people who are being affected into participants of the planning process . 
general shuttle and high-speed buses are provided to nearby cities and airports by nishi-nippon railroad . 
they can also execute code from main dram , although only the rcpu is well suited to this as it has an instruction cache . 
cunego finished the race the next day in 11th place overall , 17 minutes back of giro champion basso . 
his movement supported Álvaro uribe for the presidency of colombia . 
in the official festival bulletin they wrote " no responsible film maker may remain apathetic to the vietnam question . " 
murad admitted in his interrogations , " this is my — the best thing . 
she took part in about ten local talent competitions between the ages of 9 to 15 , the biggest was the haven stars of tomorrow national finals , which she won . 
at his death , an was successed as president of the association by jo seok-jin . 
she also donated money to the st. louis colored orphans home , where she served as president on the board of directors from 1919 to 1943 . 
as for the movement , this is a compact device located between two brass plates . 
these paintings are ingeniously composed and painted with spirit after the manner of adam frans van der meulen , the leading antwerp battle painter of the 17th century . 
2001 establishing a representative office in bosnia & herzegovina 
agustin formerly hosts the variety show , " party pilipinas " and is also a former part of the cast in pilyang kerubin . 
now at " cbc newsworld " , jacquie has been involved in various special news projects and is seen weekly as the host of highly rated " saturday report . " 
the stratigraphically older lyginopteridaleans had trusses of synangia borne on slender axes , which were attached to vegetative fronds ; these are referred to the fossil genera " telangium " if they are anatomically preserved or " telangiopsis " if they occur as adpressions . 
forster himself was killed in action at bouleuse ridge , near ventelay , marne on 29 may 1918 , he was initially only reported missing , and it took until 23 march 1919 for his death to be confirmed . 
we will just have to see how my body holds up but that 's the goal . 
michael williams ( nicolas cage ) is a drifter living out of his car after being discharged from the marine corps . 
one of the oldest references concerning this language was presented by the archbishop pedro cortés y larraz during a visit to the diocese of taxisco in 1769 . 
encamped on the western bank of the tennessee river , grant 's army , known as the army of the tennessee , had grown to 48,894 troops . 
production of the theatrical version cost , while marketing and distribution cost an additional . 
miaoulis ( ) was a " hunt iii " class destroyer that was originally built for the british royal navy as hms " modbury " ( l91 ) but never commissioned . 
the album charted at number 23 on the uk albums chart and number one on the uk dance albums chart . 
it has 13 locks , including a flood lock , six bridges and drops 23 metres ( 75.4 feet ) from the basin to the sea . 
in 1881 the government proposed the creation of a general cemetery on the land now occupied by the pine lakes estate ( to the south of the intersection of salisbury highway and kings road ) . 
the b-88 designation was created in 1984 , and it was retired in 1998 when it was supplanted with a re-routing of m-20 east of white cloud . 
shaadi se pehle ( hindi : शादी से पहले , urdu : شادی سے پہلے english : " before the marriage " ) is a 2006 bollywood comedy film directed by satish kaushik and produced by subhash ghai . 
his first noha was the only single by ali shanawar in his father 's nadeem sarwar 's 2007 album , since then he has also released recorded collections of 2 to 13 nohas every year since 2007 , on his success there is a major support of his father nadeem sarwar as a mentor and also a teacher . 
she often makes enthusiastic , detailed explanations of her findings , sometimes including demonstrations . 
scott began his life of crime in his teens , targeting wealthy homes around belfast 's malone road . 
giuseppe palmas ( january 6 , 1918 – july 22 , 1977 ) was an italian photo journalist famous for his pictures of celebrities taken in the 1950s – 1960s . 
they sought to ban evolution as a topic for study in the schools or , failing that , to relegate it to the status of unproven hypothesis perhaps taught alongside the biblical version of creation . 
at one time , the station simulcast with sister station wmcr-fm ( 106.3 fm ) , which warren signed on in 1972 . 
he was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1886 to the fiftieth congress . 
saddle ridge is a census-designated place in morgan county , colorado . 
was controlling organization at rhein-main air base , west germany ( 1 july 1948 – 2 june 1951 ) ; tempelhof air base , american occupation zone , berlin ( 1 july-5 november 1948 ) , and tulln air base , american occupation zone , austria ( 1 july-10 december 1948 ) . 
she talks about the different tastebuds often and what is " in style " for food . 
williams got their first pole since 2006 here at the 2010 brazilian grand prix with nico hülkenberg , who was dropped for 2011 due to his lack of sponsorship . 
stations knid 107.1 fm and kofm 103.1 fm specialize in country music . 
paul a schweizer was a proponent of the one-design concept and the 1-26 as the aircraft by which to establish a one-design class in the us . 
beginning in 2003 , new york city public schools citywide implemented a mathematics " core curriculum " based on new york state standards for grades k-10 . 
discharge of a paintball gun is illegal within the city of palm bay , except at a municipal paintball field . 
in 1923 , after working as a lumberjack and singing with hobos in boxcars , carter moved west to calgary , alberta , where he found work as a cowboy . 
temple hill , churchyard lane and ballintemple itself derive their names from an ecclesiastical and burial site at the top of temple hill . 
french president jacques chirac met with both leaders separately and expressed hope that the talks would be fruitful . 
the other two managers to follow , dan shannon and jack chapman , did n't fare any better , as louisville won only 27 games that year with 111 losses . 
during the twentieth congress , he was chairman of the u.s. house committee on expenditures in the state department . 
it was also sold for a single year ( 1995 ) in canada as 323 neo gs . 
the per capita income for the city was $ 11,166 . 
there were 1,269 households out of which 31.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 69.2 % were married couples living together , 6.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 21.6 % were non-families . 
it is arounded by variety classes of hotels and facilities for foreign tourists . 
the title of the opera is an allusion to finnegan 's wake by the irish novelist james joyce ( npspodium , wind ) . 
she was an outstanding student and winner of the mary smith prize for the best painting by a matriculating woman artist . 
the latin american service of the bbc . 
when did you decide you were going to drop out of the lobbying business ? 
benz was asked to return to the role three years later , but not on " buffy the vampire slayer " . 
it consists of three main groups in a valley of the puuc hills in yucatán state , a region of karst limestone forming the only major topographical feature of the peninsula . 
how low it goes ( the magnitude ) . 
republican and former us secretary of state gen . 
it is identical to the national administrative district ( " správní obvod " ) of the same name . 
in both armies promotion could be accelerated by losses or transfers on active service . 
during a raid , dillon shoots both cash and cawthorne , but nevada learns of his treachery from his dying pal . 
there will be 136 athletes ( 88 males , 48 females ) competing in this sport . 
now following such a blow , our sea slugs would come into their own , bringing our score into the 70 or even 80 megadeaths bracket , which is practically the maximum score permitted by the geneva convention " 
the song was released on october 4 , 2005 , by epic records as the lead single from the album . 
ahmad hussain gilani ( 21 july 1899 – 8 february 1961 ) was a sufi mystic . 
the life assurance business was acquired by aegon later that year . 
major landmarks include the ballona wetlands and loyola marymount university . 
three world indoor records were broken at the first event and the history of the competition has featured numerous world , continental and national records since then . 
in 1897 , caesar förster succeeded his father august as manager of the company , and opened a second factory in georgswalde ( jiříkov ) , bohemia ( later czechoslovakia and the czech republic ) in 1900 . 
in the 2000s construction of the road to kangerlussuaq was discussed for several years without resolution . 
his early juvenile roles included " hue and cry " ( 1947 ) , usually considered the first of the ealing comedies . 
to promote " under my skin " , lavigne went on the " live and by surprise " , a 21-city mall tour in the united states and canada . 
the cornerstone was laid on 3 june 1924 by danish king christian x , who was himself a freemason . 
andronovo culture versus vedic age . 
lead carbide is a hypothetical chemical compound of carbon and lead . 
the jet stream amplitude increases with a weaker polar vortex , hence increases the chance for weather systems to become blocked . 
it starts from the natural operations such as lie derivative of natural vector bundles and de rham differential of forms . 
created by damming some small rivers , huangcai reservoir , with an area of 240.8 square kilometers , the reservoir has a capacity of 147,000,000 cubic meters . 
neil redfearn had the task of scoring , and in extremely tense circumstances scored to give the game , and second division championship to oldham . 
nick schager 's of " slant magazine " lamented that the " clichés are too numerous to mention " , while neil smith from bbc asserted it has " as much ... fantasy as " lord of the rings " . " 
uhf signals usually do not enjoy as much of a broadcasting radius in mountainous areas as stations operating on vhf do . 
he made his film debut as gunther fry in the 1965 satire " the loved one " . 
within the police there is little or no willingness to investigate , prosecute or punish offenders . 
grandfather frost – stepan vlasov , 
in 1900 , the railroad was reorganized to became the chattahoochee valley railway . 
author charles platt reported in a 2005 profile of sam cohen that " ... he showed me the medal of peace that he had received from the pope in 1979 . " 
the italian 7th blackshirt division cirene was an italian ccnn blackshirt militia unit formed for the second italo-abyssinian war under the command of lt . 
in 1998 , the company launched the first commercial alzheimer 's disease research test for β-amyloid and in 2002 the first commercial test for hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) genotyping ( inno-lipa hbv genotyping ) . 
the priest was later impaled . 
when the connection between the spatial state of a window is not unambiguously and irrevocably connected with a particular folder , it becomes impossible to reliably recognize a particular folder based on its spatial qualities . 
fermented foods include preparations of soybean , bamboo shoots , milk and " sel roti " , which is made from rice . 
it is found in nigeria , cameroon , gabon , the republic of congo , the central african republic , the democratic republic of congo , zambia , sudan , uganda , rwanda , burundi , kenya and tanzania . 
he played college football at iowa state in 2009 and ohio from 2011 to 2013 . 
the first trailer of the film was shown alongside the release of jehangir surti 's film " aa dekhen zara " ( 2009 ) . 
proc spie 1999;3591:129-136 . 
at that point , one of the apaches put his lance up to larcena 's breast and threatened to kill her if she would not stop . 
medieval and later accounts of &raspsquo; frisians ' refer to these &raspsquo; new frisians ' rather than to the ancient frisii . 
modern poetry has been written about the beautiful scenery at kusasenrigahama , which has been designated a place of scenic beauty , or natural monument . 
the penguins , with a healthy barrasso , would eventually win their first stanley cup . 
by now , only dick 's entrance exists , but it can only be accessed from the last level of the new " labyrinth " . 
previous uses of the opa have included karaoke competitions and events in the style of the musical talent show the x factor . 
in 1825 , franklin set out on his second expedition to the canadian north . 
since the start of the competition , there have been five single-nation finals : spain in 2000 and 2014 , italy in 2003 , england in 2008 and germany in 2013 . 
the saints led #1 ranked louisville 63 – 59 midway into the 2nd half before losing 79 – 72 to end their season at 27 – 8 . 
within a couple months , however , the crane had been replaced with a new one and work was able to resume . 
the organ shutters for the cathedral of milan were painted after 1590 by camillo , giuseppe meda ( died 1599 ) , and ambrogio figino . 
tig implies that he has come to the conclusion that opie has become an informant , and jax and piney challenge him angrily . 
besides reading , hopkins also gained skills in surveying from his grandfather , samuel wilkinson . 
the rock formation is named after james caudy , an early hampshire county pioneer and settler who fought off an attack by fifteen native americans from the rock in the 1730s . 
dieudonné regularly and spectacularly threatened to resign unless topics were treated in their logical order , and after a while others played on this for a joke . 
14 to 20 may 2011 marks the twentieth adult learners ’ week in england . 
these included , among others , the jersey central railroad ( 1903-1918 ) monticello steamship co. ( 1918-1917 ) ; golden gate ferry co. ( 1918-1927 ) , southern pacific railroad , ( 1927-1941 ) , puget sound navigation company , ( 1941-1952 ) , black ball line , ltd , ( 1951-1961 ) , and bc ferries ( 1961-1976 ) . 
many of the musicians subsequently formed a band called froon . 
in 2010 , kindler was a judge on the stand-up reality show " last comic standing " . 
the ambulance was dispatched at 9:31 p.m. elochukwu was treated and pronounced dead at 10:12 p.m. at port huron hospital . 
a fee is charged between may 1 and october 1 for most of these activities , and sometimes just for entering the area . 
it was named after baldwin boettcher , a german settler . 
it is also preferred , upon seeing the rain , to say : " o allah , make it a beneficial rain " and he should uncover part of his body to the rain . 
the novel was written in 1877 . 
the belfast city hospital ( ) located in belfast , northern ireland , is a 900-bed modern university teaching hospital providing local acute services and key regional specialities . 
the portraits of the two brothers are painted on the north wall of the bone-vault house . 
he competed in the 20 km walk at the 2012 summer olympics , where he placed 32nd . 
" scharnhorst " also put two shells through " duke of york"s masts severing a vital radar cable , but these hits could not have been known to bey , and his ship 's fortunes took a dramatic turn for the worse at 18:20 when a shell fired by " duke of york " at extreme range pierced her armour belt and destroyed the no. 1 boiler room . 
although they threatened to form their own coalition with gerindra and present their own candidate , pkb became the first party in the coalition to support yudhoyono 's decision . 
the second was a " barbed wire board spike nail match " . 
the reason of this gap and its size is to keep costs of construction high , and to deny the positive consumption of a positional good to families , which were not rich enough to build the entire edifice . 
in 1347 king louis i the great bestowed the fortress to the noble Šubić family who then changed their family name after it , becoming the zrinski . 
this causes a final depression on the activity of the postsynaptic neuron . 
this adhesive is advantageous in situations where minimal use of water is desired for the parchment as the isinglass can be reactivated with an ethanol-water mixture . 
the alpha was designed as 64-bit from the start and there is no 32-bit version . 
in 2005 – 2006 , vaugier guest starred in six episodes of cbs 's hit sitcom " two and a half men " as mia , a ballet teacher who charlie harper fell in love with and almost married . 
in her book " eva go home " she answered to the controversial claims on motherhood and family published by former tv presenter eva herman . 
renovated to its former glory it now looks as it would have done in late victorian times ; full of vegetables , fruits , herbs and flowers . 
selection of persons in the goc and dsc classes was primarily based on a " points system " . 
people who call themselves bhatia belong to the kshatriya caste of the bhati clan of rajputs . 
tokyo 10th district is a constituency of the house of representatives in the diet of japan ( national legislature ) . 
inducted into federal service 16 september 1940 at kingfisher 
examples are the orange minibuses , and the cream-blue buses . 
the peasants are tenants of earl camber macrorie of culdi , a respected deryni master who formerly served imre 's father . 
list of national sports teams of england 
nixon attended cabinet and national security council meetings and chaired them when eisenhower was absent . 
arrested by a passing police officer , the unlikely good samaritan must telephone his wife to bail him out in the middle of the night . 
in his sixth and final sea games stint , sirisanont emerged himself again as thailand 's best swimmer after nine years . 
the outfit 's involvement with hazel park began in 1948 following the visit of a local auto dealer , waldo andrews to the law office of james bellanca . 
construction of many mansions of the nobility , in the classical style endorsed by the empress , changed the face of the country . 
soon after is an interchange with florida 's turnpike ( state road 91 ) . 
beth recommends to harry that joe could easily fill frankie 's position , to which harry gives his consent that it 's okay with him . 
" chandelier " garnered mostly positive reviews from music critics . 
sir humphrey starkey sl ( died 1486 ) was a british justice . 
modern christian teachings on meditation at times include specific criticism of the transcendental styles of meditation , e.g. john bertram phillips stated that christian meditation involves the action of the holy spirit on biblical passages and warned of approaches that " disengage the mind " from scripture . 
these trends are correlated with increasing income inequality and indicate significant structural issues face the u.s. labor market . 
the 12 members of the ifa premiership entered at this stage , along with the 10 winners from the first round matches , and the 10 teams who received byes . 
the tool head with the bristle belt rotates at approximately 2,500 rpm. a so-called &raspsquo; accelerator bar &raspsquo; detains the bristle tips and by releasing them increases their kinetic energy with which they strike the surface . 
stratonice , wife of seleucus i nicator , king of syria 
however , captain john a. stephenson , leading the river defense fleet , refused to accept navy orders . 
he test-flew avro , martinsyde , sopwith and hawker aircraft before and after world war i. he later formed the aircraft survey co. and the indian air survey and transport co. , flying in india and burma . 
he moved to england in 1911 , where his closest friend was polish writer joseph conrad . 
the season was also nominated for " best dramatic series " , but lost to " stargate universe " . 
boston university school of medicine 
the episode ends with the infiltrators wondering if any of the other alien species will pose a threat to their plans , musing that " anything is possible " . 
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.8 males . 
following a 0 – 0 draw against kalkara fc , the knights knew that a win against naxxar lions would see them progress to the later stages of the competition for the first time in their history . 
if the series converges and the sign chosen appropriately . 
hispanic or latino of any race were 4.05 % of the population . 
currie is an unincorporated community in pender county , north carolina , united states . 
the music of burt bacharach was soon featured as part of many lounge singers ' repertoires . 
the current chairman of hunter association after netero 's death is cheadle yorkshire . 
6-time u. s. outdoor track & field high jump champion ( consecutive ) 
during the summer training camp prior to the 2011 season , chris johnson did not show up to camp , pending contract negotiations . 
despite the long-term malaise of the board wargaming industry , it does continue and shows no sign of shutting down completely in the foreseeable future . 
after testing the program with approximately 200 au pairs , congress instructed that the program be continued and the au pair program was officially enacted in 1989 . 
she also appears as guest-panelist on fox news channel 's late-night satire show " red eye w / greg gutfeld " . 
the team was never able to produce a commercially viable form of selectron before core memory became almost universal , and it remains practically unknown today . 
following his return to london , he was posted to the admiralty until august 1912 , at which point he was appointed superintendent of the malta dockyard . 
optimus accepts the burden and the core relinquishes the autobot matrix of leadership . 
the psp , ps2 and pc versions were developed by hb studios while the xbox 360 version was developed by ea canada . 
this drive was fitted into an external case as the macintosh 800k external drive ( m0131 ) , which was slimmer than the earlier 400k drive . 
where you shoot them is your responsibility as parents " . 
the line was officially opened on 14 september . 
its surface is generally slightly red in color , but less red than that of oberon . 
originally from lubbock , texas , he fought out of san diego . 
a 2009 ofsted report assessed the school as " good " , with a " satisfactory " sixth form . 
this enzyme participates in valine , leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis and pantothenate and coa biosynthesis . 
municipal or urban engineering . 
rifles were not even used by some armies , such as napoleon ’s . 
john grigg ( 4 june 1838 – 20 june 1920 ) was a new zealand astronomer . 
masud died in a road accident near ghior upazila on 13 august 2011 while returning to dhaka from manikganj on the dhaka-aricha highway after visiting a shooting location . 
sérgio peralta and all the suspects were arrested , and it was revealed that the trophy was melted into gold bars by juan carlos hernandez , a gold dealer . 
apart from the appearance , the lesion is entirely asymptomatic . 
it almost reminds me of elizabeth 's wedding , the royal weddings in the the proportion of the train is good . 
when an opportune moment arises , blake clips travis with a shot from his sidearm . 
notable musicians residing in the town include singer/songwriter priscilla herdman , singer/songwriter denise jordan finley , and jazz musician matt finley . 
many of the routes are " hidden " in that they are overlaid on u.s. routes and not signed . 
the ivorian branch of c.a.t.c-a.o.f-togo had separated from the regional organization , and became the " centre national des travailleurs croyants de côte d'ivoire " . 
they wind up at the same dude ranch that anne and bob are at , and soon given jobs by the foreman , alabam ( johnny mack brown ) . 
three founders ( İhsan dağımustafa erdoğankazım berzeg ) and the last president ( bican Şahin ) resigned after gezi protests and 2013 corruption scandal in turkey . 
in 2008 , rzepczynski advanced to the class a lansing lugnuts of the midwest league , where he finished 7 – 6 with a 2.83 era in 22 starts , with 124 strikeouts and 42 walks over 121 innings pitched . 
in order to meet the stringent power and space constraints common to mobile devices , these socs combine a central processing unit ( cpu ) with other components into a single compact physical package . 
blair requested the land be named in honor of roy and joan edwards , ku alumni and longtime mentors to blair . 
on appeal , the united states court of appeals for the fifth circuit affirmed the dismissal . 
on 16 august 2013 , hooker matthew rees was named as captain for the season in place of andries pretorius . 
she had one brother , charles ( 1845-1911 ) , who suffered from mental illness and was institutionalized in about 1882 . 
in 1995 the first proposals for the site were put forward for consideration by wiltshire county council as structure planning authority . 
the sister ship of the usns " maury " , the usns " tanner " , was transferred to the maine maritime academy after a similar conversion , where it is now known as the ts " state of maine " . 
in 1973 and 1974 he also taught composition as an " artist in the classroom " through the ontario arts council 's " creative artists in schools " programme . 
when her husband comes home the men talk ; winifred plays the piano for them . 
cicatrizocera bilistrata is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae , the only species in the genus cicatrizocera . 
episode viewing figures from barb . 
whichever theory is true , it is obvious that the dogue de bordeaux shares the same common links as all modern molossers . 
on the front of the engine , the red , white and blue stripes run across the side of the locomotive much like phase iii , except they are wider and spread much more apart . 
the injury ruled turner out for several months , and although he returned to action in march , his form dropped and he continued to struggle for fitness . 
it is an anglicisation of the gaelic " Ó conaill " ( meaning " descendant of " conall " " ) . 
additionally , 120v and 240v are considered nominal voltages , and actual voltages may be somewhat higher or lower during normal operation . 
he served one term , in 1830 . 
the major rdoc research domains/constructs : 
in the same election , long was chosen governor . 
together gory and herlinda had six children , two girls and four boys – the boys would all end up in professional wrestling . 
after the backstroke leg , australia was in fourth place and more than a second in arrears of the soviet leaders . 
smith was appointed to the cultural relations committee in january 1982 . 
isle aux morts has a rich atlantic heritage and great scenery . 
while the u.s. federal trade commission conducted its review , maker 's mark was owned and managed by pernod ricard and pernod ricard received the earnings from the brand . 
project kids in 2002 . 
then : 
it has a total capacity of 84 mw and was first commissioned in 1958 . 
it delivers a range of supply chain and logistics solutions , including air and sea freight , warehousing and distribution , road transportation , project logistics , ship spares logistics , international moving and courier services . 
it is believed that during the mesolithic age nomadic hunters arrived in sussex from europe . 
in body-scanning applications in searching for tumor or metastatic disease , a dose of 18f-fdg in solution ( typically 5 to 10 millicurie , 200 to 400 mbq ) is typically injected rapidly into a saline drip running into a vein , in a patient who has been fasting for at least 6 hours , and who has a suitably low blood sugar . 
after 25 years , the band has reformed and played a reunion show july 17 , 2010 at the mercury lounge in new york city with up front , our gang , ed gein 's car , and loud youth . 
the third wall : authority to call a council . 
captain hook comes across peter and the lost boys playing baseball and overhears them talking about stealing &raspsquo; bases ' . 
the documentary was screened at the film festival " onedotzero " , as well at " solar " in barcelona , spain . 
his biography , " love worth finding : the life of adrian rogers and his philosophy of preaching " , was published in 2005 . 
in the summer of 2009 , he signed a 2-year contract with football league club panetolikos . 
sun pictures opened on december 9 , 1916 , with a full house . 
the 2011 season is bolivar 's 34th consecutive season in the liga de fútbol profesional boliviano , and 85th year in existence as a football club . 
although next generation sequencing technology is now capable of producing millions of reads , the assembly of these reads can cause a bottleneck in the entire genome assembly process . 
while spasticity surely existed before that point , little was the first person to medically record the condition in writing . 
he was born in florida , montgomery county , new york . 
eastern highland province had a population of 432,972 ( png citizens ) and 1,173 ( non-citizens ) in the 2000 census . 
during the cultural revolution , the mansions was renamed the anti-imperialism building by chinese red guards . 
on july 9 , 2009 , humphries , shawn marion and nathan jawai were traded to the dallas mavericks as a part of the four-team deal among raptors , mavericks , orlando magic and memphis grizzlies . 
of these mechanisms , the retrograde messenger hypothesis has received the most attention . 
from there gold moved on to study in lida at yeshiva torah vo'da'as - the yeshiva of rabbi yitzchak yaacov reines where torah was combined with secular studies . 
scholars are introduced to each other and to new research . 
on october 22 , 1905 , fr . 
tom locks himself in the closet . 
hollandsworth ’s articles in " texas monthly " have launched three made-for-television movies , and one proposed film : the cbs telepics " the almost perfect bank robbery " and " suburban madness " , ; the 1997 nbc telepic " love 's deadly triangle : the texas cadet murder " ( for distribution outside the united states , the dvd was titled " swearing allegiance " ) ; and " the goree girls , " a proposed movie set in the 1940s about several women in a texas prison who form a country-western band . 
it became known as " big ideas " , with the parenthetical " ( do n't get any ) " often added . 
turnout in the election varied from a low of 27 % to a high of 51 % , but overall fell from 45 % in 2002 to only 35 % . 
he has published over 150 technical papers , and won several awards , including the lew-allen award for inventors . 
in addition , she earned two battle stars for her korean war service , and six battle stars for her vietnam war service . 
mike suggests ramping down production , but walt insists they stay on course . 
the pair persuaded heggie to move to hollywood , where he made his first film appearance in the silent film " the actress " ( 1928 ) starring shearer and based on the stage show . 
the per capita income for the city was $ 17,174 . 
the detour clues instructed teams chose a marked boat and were taken out to a buoy near st. pierre island . 
since the year defenders of wildlife implemented their compensation fund , they have allocated over $ 1,400,000 to private owners for proven and probable livestock depredation by wolves . 
then , prost began to pull away from senna . 
some computer animation created using an amiga was used in the sequence in order to make the potato chip rotation as smooth as possible . 
the passageway extends to the staircases and escalators going down to the ind platform and contains a turnstile bank in the center . 
in april 2012 , stuart chaifetz , a father of an autistic boy , released a video on youtube providing evidence that his son was allegedly the subject of emotional abuse at the hands of his teacher and aide at horace mann elementary school , in the cherry hill public schools district . 
the united nations supervision mission in syria ( unsmis ) was passed by the u.n. security council on 21 april 2012 , and deployed up to 300 unarmed observers to syria for a period of up to 90 days . 
virgin media operates cable networks in belfast and derry . 
mega-octane was the first to be reactivated , infused with a portion of megatron 's own spark energy to create the first of a new breed of transformer that megatron dubbed the " decepticons . " 
the award honors the late james m. rees , the 1982-83 chairman of the chamber and a member of the fceda commission in the 1980s . 
" midtown madness " supports multiplayer games via local area network , internet , or serial cable connection . 
before becoming an umpire , hayat played in 21 first-class matches . 
where " f"("x " ) is the proliferation rate of the tumor . 
he carried on to show his scoring qualities in the oberliga süd but sepp herberger never called him up again . 
she went on to win the seat in the general election that november . 
released on november 25 , 2013 , the song is the eighth in bieber 's series music mondays , the first seven being " heartbreaker " ( october 7 , 2013 ) , " all that matters " ( october 14 ) , " hold tight " ( october 21 ) , " recovery " ( october 28 ) , " bad day " ( november 4 ) , " all bad " ( november 11 ) and " pyd " ( november 18 ) . 
on october 23 haze represented bdk in the " torneo cibernetico " match , where they faced a team composed of chikara originals . 
the 2007 australian film " unfinished sky " , also starring monic hendrickx , is an adaptation of this film into an australian context . 
wright cemetery is a historic cemetery on groton road near lynwood lane in westford , massachusetts . 
the service is current available on the samsung galaxy siii and samsung galaxy note ii , but reports suggest a wider launch . 
having died from his injuries seventy-three days later , on october 9 , 2009 , ivankov was buried in moscow on october 13 , 2009 . 
the last mass in the old church was said on 2 april 1883 . 
he tried to devise a catchy nickname for the team similar to existing international team nicknames such as " all blacks " , " springboks " , and " wallabies " . 
mcalpine served as a brigadier in the royal army medical corps as an adviser in neurology to the south east asia command during world war ii , and was mentioned in dispatches again . 
having been told by the mayor and citizens of memphis that they could keep order , major general george stoneman had reduced his forces at fort pickering , and had only about 150 men assigned there . 
zülch was born in liebau , in the sudetenland , now libina , czech republic . 
the line number is the number of the first line in the block . 
st. john 's road in st. augustine is the main access road for mount st. benedict , one of the notable , historic sites in trinidad and tobago . 
in 1967 , the canea became the newly formed agriculture union of the public service alliance of canada ( psac ) . 
filming took place in the sydney suburb of coogee . 
gagarinskaya is a station of the samara metro on first line which was opened on 26 december 1993 . 
this structure implements a general management of prison ministry . 
he was given the title of the victor of yalyal ( yalyal ` amr ibn ` abd-wudd ) 
the st. vitus day constitution adopted by yugoslavia in 1920 , consolidated the country as a centralized state under the serbian karađorđević monarchy . 
in the second round of elections , held in december 1997 , he won 59.23 % by official count , while 50.98 % voters turned out . 
snake , no longer dating pam , is still furious at wheels and mentions that he was released from prison . 
it has since been certified gold , in recognition of 10,000 copies of the single sold . 
susan heffley is greg 's mother . 
in march 1956 , all of the gcl lines were merged into the missouri pacific system , losing their separate identity . 
the race , contested over 44 laps , was won by daniel ricciardo for the red bull team , after starting from fifth position . 
the grand master ( s.k.u.l. super villain , series 1-6 ) , voiced by kerry shale ( series 1 ) , played and voiced by julian bleach ( series 2-6 ) . 
ign awarded " mario kart 7 " the ign 's editors ' choice . 
in the field of drug discovery , reverse pharmacology also known as target base drug discovery ( tdd ) , a hypothesis is first made that modulation of the activity of a specific protein target will have beneficial therapeutic effects . 
in addition to his starring role on " hill street blues " , he had an earlier role on " the white shadow " , a co-starring role on the cbs series " city of angels " , a recurring role on the showtime series " soul food , and as a guest star as jason on " marcus welby , m.d. " . " 
a film clip of the incident was aired on sammy davis jr ’s talk show " sammy & company " where minnie was a guest . 
but when henry makes him believe that peter is dead , mr. nerdon faints and retires after getting medical attention . 
it was closed as result of rising insurance premiums which went from 50,000 in 1985 to 408,000 in 1986. [ http://www.nytimes.com/1987/04/24/nyregion/after-86-years-rockaways-playland-to-be-razed-for-300-condominiums.html ] a housing development now occupies playland 's site . 
originally scheduled for release in january 2001 , the album was finally released in april 2002 . 
she was always in trouble with students , teachers[ ... ] 
later he established the premonstratensian monastery in tommerup , skåne ; the knights of st. john also settled in lund during his time . 
in response , darnell resorted to charity work , opening facilities accommodating thirty girls in the neighborhood of rome in 1955 . 
in science , 67.5 % of 8th graders showed on grade level science understanding . 
she was later working in radio , where she was also known as a singer . 
cornwall is a unique part of the country , and this should be reflected in the way that it is governed . 
brighton is serviced by a fortnightly visit of the brisbane city council 's mobile library service in the car park at decker park on 25th avenue . 
" fruit of the poisonous tree " was co-written by co-producers ian b. goldberg and andrew chambliss , while " 24 " veteran , bryan spicer , directed the installment . 
in 1979 he retired , devoting himself to writing and contributing to various aeronautical publications . 
there are also original scenes , for example a scythian with a bactrian camel , or a satyr and a ram . 
the fields of belgia were devastated , limburg was taken , and henry was imprisoned in hildesheim . 
she wears sporty clothes , usually blue , white or pink . 
national defence university of warsaw 
this mine is now but a tomb marked with a now rusty ribbon of an abandoned railroad line . 
it is a subway station with two island platforms serving three tracks , located at o'hare international airport , 17 miles ( 27 km ) northwest of the chicago loop . 
however the trough weakened and boris subsequently began moving to the west , over cooler waters , and dissipated on june 18 . 
it was described by darlington in 1971 . 
the blue team of aaron thornburg and jonna mannion won their grand prize trip , which was a trip to the amazon* . 
in 2009 , vietnam 's national life expectancy stood at 76 years for women and 72 for men , and the infant mortality rate was 12 per 1,000 live births . 
his funeral was on december 7 , 1937 at the berg chapel , officiated by dr. horace westerwood . 
in general , farmers benefit from having an increase in crop yield and from being able to grow a variety of crops throughout the year . 
she manages lummis livestock , located outside cheyenne , which began in 1919 when her great-grandfather , the owner of a hardware store , bought the property from a business partner . 
" no freedom " was released as the lead single from the album in january 2013 and peaked at number 51 in the united kingdom , also charting across mainland europe . 
drickamer joined the university of illinois at urbana-champaign , where he subsequently remained for his entire professional career . 
those authors and artists who were published in the magazine were paid $ 25 for puzzles and jokes , $ 50 for various forms of art and writing , and $ 100 to both the child and their school for cover art . 
fort mcpherson in the atlanta , georgia , area was named in gen . 
as for rhodium , the simplest iridium carbonyl , ir2(co) 8 is not well characterized but tetrairidium dodecacarbonyl , , is well known. which is the most common binary carbonyl of iridium . 
the module " swords of the undercity " contains three connected lankhmar scenarios . 
in fact , in the mid-20th century " buteo fuscescens " was the prevailing name for the black-chested buzzard-eagle for some years , but it was eventually dismissed as erroneous . 
the caerfanell is a river which rises in the central section of the brecon beacons national park in powys , wales . 
the film was released as a special edition dvd by scorpion releasing corporation . 
another threat to healthy riparian zones are invasive blackberries , which crowd out native vegetation and provide little shade . 
throughout his chequered career hobday was a constant exhibitor at the royal academy , frequently contributing even during his residence at bristol . 
as cry-baby and allison tell each other about their orphan lives ( cry-baby 's father was sent to the electric chair after being the " alphabet bomber " - a killer who bombed places in alphabetical order airport , barber shop etc. ; allison 's parents always took separate flights to avoid orphaning her if they crashed , but one day both their planes went down ) , allison 's jealous square boyfriend , baldwin , starts a riot . 
however , the 5th naval district 's pressing need for a " hospital and ambulance boat " soon resulted in orders sending the ship to norfolk , va. , " . . . for the purpose of furnishing treatment to personnel on vessels not otherwise provided for and for transporting cases to a hospital from vessels in hampton roads. " the services which adrian could provide could be obtained by calling the 5th naval district 's medical aide during the day , and the district duty officer outside normal working hours . 
at this point , the viral genome is transported to the nucleus by unknown mechanisms and establishes itself at a copy number between 10-200 viral genomes per cell . 
furthermore fei participated in a contest in china called " the great magician " as the assistant to magician lee eun gyeol . 
that match sassuolo 0 – 0 draw with the champion lecce . 
voltage-gated ca2+ channels are located within the presynaptic terminal . 
the ships themselves are frequently described as several inch high round rubber disks around a pencil . 
the program matches registrants with volunteers based on the registrant 's study request . 
it is administered as part of okinawa prefecture , japan . 
hispanic or latino of any race were 2.4 % of the population . 
the collins line would receive an annual subsidy , initially of $ 385,000 a year , from the us government . 
virgo - abdomen , intestines , gallbladder , pancreas , liver 
the first member of the genus , " o. tauri " , was discovered in 1994 in an investigation of the picoplankton in the thau lagoon by courties and chretiennot-dinet using flow cytometry . 
athletics at the 1984 summer olympics – women 's 4 × 100 metres relay 
church holds famous history with a school is associated with it . 
a live recording was made at the january 2001 performance and released on rca victor in may 2001 . 
the hummer was added to harley-davidson 's model line in 1955 . 
there are two airports , one on wallis with a paved runway of , and one on futuna with a unpaved strip . 
it has been in select committee since 2005 , and the government has not shown any sign of proceeding with it . 
the atlantic coast conference ( acc ) male athlete of the year was created at the start of the 1954 season , and he played his last two seasons in the acc , setting conference records for scoring and rebounding that were untouched for the first 50 years of the conference 's existence . 
mark pulemau tuinei ( march 31 , 1960 – may 6 , 1999 ) was an american football offensive tackle in the national football league for the dallas cowboys . 
" " nowhere in dutch literature , the dramatic transition of the dutch east indies to independent indonesia is described as penetrating as in the work of the delfshaven ( rotterdam ) born vuyk . 
the other side contains the student 's contact information , as well as a grid that is usually used by the teacher to mark class participation . 
" turnin &raspsquo; me on " was recorded in 2004 , as the one of the last songs recorded for the album which is released on june 29 , 2004 . 
cafes , restaurants and private homes were turned into galleries or museums ; some were closed , with their owners , staff and patrons harassed , arrested or even executed . 
after a lot of underground success , this album was the group 's mainstream breakout album earning them a dove award nomination as well as awards from several christian and mainstream hip-hop websites . 
season 2009-10 was a lot harder for peter , but he kept the team in the league , finishing fourth bottom . 
he does not expect to see his classmates kyle meeks and nelson glassman at the meeting . 
founded in 1987 by siegfried j. schmidt ( siegen university ) , the society holds bi-annual international conferences ( see below ) . 
escaping his confinement within the sun , megatron ( now known as master megatron in japan ) enhanced his powers by merging his body with the remnants of unicron 's shattered form , increasing his power with the dark god 's own . 
in physics and physical chemistry , time-resolved spectroscopy is the study of dynamic processes in materials or chemical compounds by means of spectroscopic techniques . 
ranjit is tortured to reveal classified information , but he does not succumb , in the process ranjit loses his memory . 
gisleham church , holy trinity , is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in suffolk . 
his mother , irina pozdnyakova , is a former competitive swimmer . 
on january 14 , 1991 miguel 's record company ( wea latina ) announced that a new album was in the works with longtime producer juan carlos calderón , who had produced miguel 's albums since he signed with the label . 
the japanese struck back quickly and launched 27 mitsubishi g4m ( " betty " ) medium bombers , escorted by 17 mitsubishi a6m zero fighters , against the allied forces . 
her son having taken power from his mother decided to banish her from all direct influence at court . 
then there 's alfred , who at 28 , is past his prime and is kicked out of the club . 
does the movement come from within each thing ? 
president of oklahoma agricultural & mechanical college . 
the first settlers came from nearby birmingham and royal oak , michigan , as well as the states of new york and vermont . 
terboven ( from the dutch " ter boven " ) was born in essen , the son of minor landed gentry of dutch descent . 
moscone 's office issued a press release stating " the mayor 's office does not and will not conduct any investigation " because the article was " a series of allegations with absolutely no hard evidence that the rev. jones has violated any laws , either local , state or federal . " 
this concert marked the final performance of the original line-up of the band , and three members left the group shortly afterwards . 
starting in 1943 , a special three-month course was given for waves supply officers . 
ancient buddhist settlements at pavuralakonda , near bhimli and at gudiwada have been excavated . 
the township of montclair operates a jitney on weekday evenings from bay street station to south mountain avenue at bloomfield avenue . 
first contacts between people of the two countries took place when german missionaries were hired by the london missionary society to commence working in southern namibia during the late eighteenth century and early nineteenth century . 
harris was involved with the permanent association of navigation congresses from 1969 until 1985 and from 1970 to 1971 was the uk 's chief delegate to the permanent association of roads congresses . 
the three of the thirty therefore forcefully break past the philistines , and draw water from the well , which they take back to david . 
his form continued to grow to became one of the leading try scorers in the competition . 
it is a derivative university part of the chilean traditional universities . 
still , schönbacher managed to finish last . 
philatelists use glassine envelopes to store stamps , and stamp hinges are sometimes made of glassine . 
nigeria has about 290 species of mammals and 940 species of birds . 
there were 556 housing units at an average density of 18.5/sq mi ( 7.1/km² ) . 
it will be seen that the views of febronius had but little originality . 
brummer made a return to " neighbours " on 28 may 2012 . 
number is either singular or plural in declension . 
relation to time management and productivity . 
both albums were later reissued on wounded bird records . 
nová lehota ( , ) is a village in prievidza district in the trenčín region of western slovakia . 
lord kartikeswara and lord shiva are also worshipped on the kartik_poornima . 
a highly skeptical lieberman tries to brush kohler 's claims aside , telling him that it is already well known that mengele is living in paraguay . 
they had four children : 
all three eventually go to camelot and become knights of the round table . 
in biliary ducts , flukes mature , feed on blood , and produce eggs . 
the u.s. military had hoped to find diamonds , plutonium and uranium in the samples . 
george karl said after the game , " our guys , when their backs are confronted with a difficult situation , they usually play at a high level . 
the first truffle vodka , black moth vodka , is a natural vodka infused with black périgord truffles ( " tuber melanosporum " ) . 
the new car was not competitive and before the season began capelli was showing his disappointment . 
dreyer ’s lighting designs for theatre , opera , and dance have been seen throughout the u.s. and in europe , south america , and asia with such companies as paris opera ballet , la compañia nacional , opera teresa carreño , ballet du nord , momix , iso , danzahoy , american ballet theatre ( the green table ) and the joffrey ballet . 
after being re-elected president in 1988 , scime immediately resigned , citing displeasure with the board of directors elected to serve alongside her . 
in the case of wormwood , some historicist interpreters believe that this figure represents the army of the huns as led by king attila , pointing to chronological consistencies between the timeline of prophecy they have accepted and the history of the huns ' campaign in europe . 
people fast and perform " " pooja " " at night . 
electrostatic magnetic brush ( emb ) coating . 
claire 's other tv credits include " casualty " , " doctors " , " mersey beat " and " coronation street " . 
however in practice the territory of south tyrol within the boundaries defined by germany as " operationszone alpenvorland " that included trent , bolzano , and belluno , were " de facto " incorporated into germany 's " reichsgau tirol-vorarlberg " and administered by its " gauleiter " franz hofer . 
the college was one of many historical buildings in the region with valuable real estate that was lost to arson , including the volkmann manor ( 1965),troy hill ( 1990 ) , avondale mill ( 1991 ) , ammendale normal institute ( 1998 ) , phelps log cabin - moved from north laurel to elkridge ( 2001 ) , thistle manufacturing company , located directly across the river from st. mary 's ( 2003 ) , and henryton state hospital ( 2007 and 2011 ) 
the blue anchor to lilstock coast sssi is a 742.8 hectare geological site of special scientific interest . 
between 1999 and 2006 , he won six caps and scored two goals for his country . 
on december 23 , 1863 , brigadier general william w. orme relieved colonel deland as commander of the camp ; colonel deland remained at the camp until march 11 , 1864 as commander of the garrison . 
prior to his work at the u.s. holocaust memorial museum in washington , d.c. from 1997 to 2000 , marwell was director of the berlin document center from 1988 to 1994 and then executive director of the assassination records review board . 
grand arc is a mountain of savoie , france . 
with emil szittya , an anarchist writer , he started the journal " les hommes nouveaux " , also the name of the press where he published " les pâques à new york " and " séquences " . 
although their growth rate is considered slow , it can be enhanced in the presence of considerable amounts of short-chain fatty acids ( isobutyric and isovaleric ) . 
the work entitled " baibol " ( bible ) was written in the kannada script , and published by the mangalore-based konkani bible committee in 1997 . 
it was their first release on kranky records , and is viewed as their most minimalistic recording . 
in january 2002 terry , chelsea team mate jody morris and des byrne of wimbledon were charged with assault and affray after a confrontation with a nightclub bouncer . 
he is married with two daughters , rebecca jane singh and chelsey anne singh . 
when the older walker finds the older mccomb is holding melissa , the younger mccomb sets a time bomb . 
after the kristallnacht pogroms that took place over the night of 9 – 10 november 1938 , bernhard lichtenberg , a canon of the cathedral chapter of st hedwig since 1931 , prayed publicly for jews in the evening prayer following . 
löwenstein-wertheim was a county of the holy roman empire , part of the franconian circle . 
1 ) win forward gal stakes + win davona dale stakes + win gulfstream park oaks + win black-eyed susan stakes <br> 
it consists of two fixed pulleys of unequal radii that are attached to each other and rotate together , a single pulley bearing the load , and an endless rope looped around the pulleys . 
in 1977 , baseball expanded again , adding a second canadian team , the toronto blue jays , as well as the seattle mariners . 
he was survived by his wife lady magdalene elizabeth brown , four daughters , and two sons . 
some see the ancient greek " father of medicine " , hippocrates , as the first advocate of naturopathic medicine , before the term existed . 
the deal took place after atlantic determined that b.o.b could benefit from being introduced to the world by such a well-established artist such as t.i. . 
to his frustration , he was unable to remove it from its stone housing , and resorted to having his forces lift the enormous boulder in which it was embedded using the " nemesis . " 
and so on . 
the old and the new in the new digital literacies . 
for his efforts , he was named to the nba all-defensive first team and was honored as the nba 's defensive player of the year . 
mir nawaz khan marwat is a well known elderly lawyer of sindh high court . 
to save on manual labor , many cafos handle manure waste as a liquid . 
mike bradbury is the head women 's basketball coach at wright state university . 
as the carrier forces fought to a draw , the anzac squadron continued to patrol to the southeast of papua . 
the bow drill consists of a " bearing block " or " handhold " , a " spindle " or " drill " , a " hearth " or " fireboard " , and a simple " bow " . 
thierry henry , rio ferdinand and david james have all supported the campaign . 
dan o'brien is an american college baseball coach , currently serving as head coach of the santa clara broncos baseball team . 
this riding was originally created in 1914 from winnipeg and selkirk ridings . 
gen . 
the announcement and accompanying citation for the decoration was announced in a supplement to the " london gazette " on 22 april 1918 . 
some rock musicians experience noise-induced hearing loss from their music , and some studies have found that " symphonic musicians suffer from hearing impairment and that the impairment might be ascribed to symphonic music . " 
in 1874 rhys delivered a series of lectures in aberystwyth , later published as " lectures on welsh philology " , which served to establish his reputation as a leading scholar of the celtic language . 
in particular , he set national records in the 400 m , 800 m and 1500 m freestyle in the age groups 70 – 74 and 80 – 84 . 
only after the reunification with the construction of numerous shopping centres , government ministries , embassies , office buildings and entertainment venues , was the area revived . 
the band is the only official albanian extreme metal act still performing . 
tre worth 40 shillings now 30 shillings . " 
turner has been married to peggy turner , a foster care nurse for special needs children , for 48 years . 
its ruins are located in bucium ( commune orăștioara de sus , romania ) . 
their car has a blowout and , as they do not have a spare tire , the couple decides to walk onwards and find help . 
the average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.81 . 
kiril nikolov valchev is a businessman from sofia . 
in spring , the party went back to the mines where they had previously staked claim on big bar by the trinity . 
lighting was integral to filming and helped evoke the painterly quality of the landscapes in the film . 
the portage lift bridge connects hancock and houghton , michigan , by crossing over portage lake , which is part of the river and canal system that crosses the entire peninsula . 
he practices by adding symmetrical features to words , figures and even three-dimensional words . 
he was sent back to england at the age of eight , and was a boarder at marlborough college . 
lee was educated at reading school , christ 's college , cambridge and the school of oriental and african studies , university of london . 
yet unfortunately , apart from the punic inscriptions , little carthaginian literature has survived . 
most of okrugs existed within the vinnytsia oblast . 
as of 2013 , ten chinese nationals have traveled in space . 
of the recognized dance forms , the only two temple dance styles that have their origin in natya shastra and are prescribed by the agamas are bharata natyam and odissi . 
as of the 2011-12 school year , the district 's five schools had an enrollment of 2,095 students and 212.0 classroom teachers ( on an fte basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 9.88:1 . 
in mathematics , the serre spectral sequence ( sometimes leray-serre spectral sequence to acknowledge earlier work of jean leray in the leray spectral sequence ) is an important tool in algebraic topology . 
judd escaped from the institution six times between 1933 and 1963 , in one instance walking all the way to yuma , arizona , along the old southern pacific railroad tracks . 
he was also a reporter on industrial relations and politics for " the bulletin " magazine from 1978 to 1983 . 
registration statements are subject to sec examination for compliance with disclosure requirements . 
concurrently , the legislatures of the fifty states have passed innumerable comparable sets of laws . 
jett pangan ( born reginald pangan on june 21 , 1968 ) is a filipino singer and guitarist best known for fronting the filipino rock bands the dawn , formed in 1985 and still active to date , and the defunct jett pangan group . 
2012 harvard crimson football team 
it maintains the cerif standard for cris systems . 
the interface can further be customized by enabling or disabling various panels and/or their corresponding functionality . 
it was a job for the elderly or young who were unable to go to sea to fish , and it was common to catch 150 to 200 birds during a hunting day . 
the pennsylvania turnpike commission is borrowing money from foreign investors in order provide funding for the project . 
he joined the omega psi phi fraternity . 
val 256 cars are capable of driverless operation , as of all other trainsets . 
melbourne was hyped up with " kewell fever " with many hundreds of fans welcoming him at melbourne airport and over two thousand fans attending aami park , where he was given his number 22 jersey by chairman anthony del pietro . 
he does not preside here . 
the song appeared on cherie 's debut album " beauty 's only skin deep " . 
after studying music and electrical engineering at the university of miami in miami , fl , he moved to new york , ny in 1986 where he took an entry level position at the legendary hit factory studios on 54th st. he went on to work at new york 's record plant studios and eventually became chief staff engineer at grandslam recording in west orange , nj . 
in many uses , west las vegas can mean any portion of the area west of i-15 . 
ray , along with shaz and chris , endures visions of stars and space and hears strange voices , like that of in a pub , and described by chris as nelson ( tony marshall ) , the publican from " life on mars " , asking him what is he having to drink . 
bikram is playwright , theatre director and actor . 
madden recognized jones in numerous broadcasts as the best left tackle in the nfl and possibly one of the best of all time . 
in 2008 brolsma released his first album , entitled weird tempo . 
they divorced in 1913 in what was an early high profile divorce . 
it first met on 21 july 1960 and lasted to 22 june 1961 . 
if the further occurrence happens during an over , the bowler is banned from bowling further in the innings . 
in the episode " aingavite baa " , hightower gives van pelt and rigsby an ultimatum . 
in the 19th and early 20th centuries the peninsula 's shape and connections to other landforms were significantly altered , with the waters of the charles river between cambridge and charlestown heavily filled in . 
available peripherals for this model are a 5 " disk drive , a chinese characters rom , a rs-232 interface , more memory and a printer . 
rice , fish , timber , garments and rubber are cambodia 's major exports . 
in 1333 władysław was succeeded by his son casimir iii , who was prepared for compromise . 
" injeção " is included in the baile funk compilation slum dunk presents funk carioca compiled by bruno verner & eliete mejorado of post punk duo tetine for british record label mr bongo . 
a mechanical equilibrium is a state in which a momentum coordinate of a particle , rigid body , or dynamical system is conserved . 
non-denaturing-condition electrophoresis . 
golushko 's military rank is colonel general . 
after the conclusion of the treaty of frankfurt ( 1871 ) , he was left in command of the german army of occupation , a position which he held till the fall of the paris commune . 
the mud has received positive critical response for its friendliness to and accommodation of new players , and has been noted as " well-loved and full of life " . 
garrett p.i. is a series of books by the author glen cook about garrett , a freelance private investigator . 
octavius agrees to the former demand , but otherwise is very displeased with what antony has done . 
while circumcision prevents phimosis , studies of the incidence of healthy infants circumcised for each prevented case of phimosis are inconsistent . 
he made his profesisonal debut on 23 march 2011 , against cercle brugge . 
later on during retirement , they make use of their stock of assets . 
peter debruge of " variety " gave the film a positive review , saying " co-writer/director david soren 's story offers little that even the average 6-year-old could n't imagine , though the film 's considerable charm comes through via its characters and sense of humor . " 
the ensuing bombing raids and crossfire claimed thousands of casualties and destroyed much of the city . 
john griffith roberts ( born 11 september 1946 ) is a welsh former footballer who made nearly 400 appearances in the football league and won 22 caps for wales . 
on 15 february 2005 the campaign began in earnest when it was announced that polling would take place on 11 march . 
on other diplomatic fronts however the prime minister achieved greater results with the signing of a secret treaty between bulgaria and the ottoman empire on 6 august 1914 . 
the university is a member of the national association of intercollegiate athletics ( naia ) , primarily competing in the kansas collegiate athletic conference ( kcac ) . 
as such , he has worked on " the saturday night armistice " , " the armando iannucci shows " , " time trumpet " and most recently " the thick of it " . 
other stadia in gwangju , gyeonggi-do , south korea . 
he attended goldsmiths at the university of london , graduating in 1988 , from the department of art , with fellow alumni angela bulloch , ian davenport , anya gallaccio , gary hume and michael landy — each of whom was to participate in the yba art scene . 
the following players received entry from the qualifying draw : 
crop rotation of small grains will suppress an infestation . 
the first of which was the instrumental album “ 2 of 5 ” , originally released the summer of 2006 independently on serpa records , and now available worldwide through steve vai 's digital nations division of the favored nations record label . 
he remarked on his faith that he was taught : " i felt god was spying on me all day long . 
in areas that were part of germany at that time , and which did not return to france until 1918 , some arrangements for the cooperation of church and state are still in effect today ( see alsace-moselle ) . 
originally known as peckham space and part of camberwell college of arts , university of the arts london , in 2013 it became an independent charity . 
the director stated in january 2010 , " " battle of the bone " may have wowed genre geeks , but some mainstream critics did n’t appreciate the film ’s queasy concoction of zombies and orangemen . " 
a united methodist congregation within the limits of pleasant plains also bears his name . 
although after restoration of sight , the subjects could distinguish between objects visually almost as effectively as they would do by touch alone , they were unable to form the connection between an object perceived using the two different senses . 
in 1928 , after valachi was released from prison petrilli introduced him to girolama " bobby doyle " santucci and tom gagliano . 
hogg played in 38 tests and 71 odis between 1978 and 1985 . 
for " n " nonidentically distributed independent continuous random variables " x"1 , " x"2 , ... , " x""n " with cumulative distribution functions g1("x " ) , g2("x " ) , ... , g"n"("x " ) and probability density functions g1("x " ) , g2("x " ) , ... , g"n"("x " ) , the range has cumulative distribution function 
the car now featured a side-valve 6-cylinder engine of 4086 cc with a stated output of 100 hp which was later used in the post war super snipe . 
the old church ( mainly 13th-14th century ) preserves many old features . 
the second baronet represented newport and callington in parliament . 
thirty-five thousand to 40,000 forced laborers , mostly jews or of jewish origin , served in the hungarian second army , which fought in the ussr ( see below ) . 
komura was born to a lower-ranking samurai family in service of the obi domain in kyushu ’s hyuga province ( present-day nichinan , miyazaki prefecture ) . 
two veterans of the av scene , former actress yuri komuro and director kei morikawa have roles in the film . 
one type of installation in texas uses a double red light instead of a single red light to make the red light more pronounced and visible from a distance . 
in a 2011 survey by the pew research center , all of the muslim-majority middle eastern countries polled held strongly negative views of jews . 
skelton was made an honorary brother of phi sigma kappa at truman state university . 
in the early part of the 18th century , however , the rohilla pashtuns established their independence in the country called by them rohilkhand and about 1748 the rohilla chief ali muhammad made his first annexations in bijnor , the rest of which soon fell under the rohilla domination . 
part one violent offenses – including murder , rape , robbery , aggravated assault , burglary , theft and vehicle theft – have declined by 15 percent since 2007 and is at its lowest level since 1971 . 
it opened in 1862 as the " birmingham and midland free hospital for sick children " at 138 – 9 steelhouse lane . 
there is little evidence left of the beaudesert branch . 
note that what constitutes a large value of formula_3 is relative . 
it was built by the romans in order to link a chain of their colonies stretching from the adriatic sea to the bosphorus . 
it serves the communities of trenton , rising fawn , and wildwood , georgia . 
carson returned for an uncredited cameo as a royal footman in the third season episode " the king lives ? " 
a freeway running north of novi to the davisburg area was included in the original interstate highway plans for michigan . 
the ciurba mică is a tributary of the ciurba mare river in romania . 
afterwards , johannes schultz developed these theories as autogenic training . 
annual parallax is normally measured by observing the position of a star at different times of the year as the earth moves through its orbit . 
he was nominated by a royal decree of june 30 , 1834 , having taken office on august 6 of the same year . 
he died in sharon in 1853 and was buried in sharon burying ground . 
a constitutional referendum was held in maryland colony on 29 march 1854 . 
it compliments three other local and one regional bus service in the piedmont triad . 
in 1885 , harland was granted a knighthood and on 25 july the same year , he was granted a baronetcy . 
it was filmed in effingham , surrey , england , uk . 
he was awarded " for the love of fatherland " and " gayrat " medals and " galkynysh " order . 
she was also appointed a court painter to the imperial household agency in 1944 . 
jason reunites with his old girlfriend kelly reilly , who lives in the neighborhood with her brother , local black belt ian . 
six young irish working men emigrate to london in the early 1970s . 
but the friction between henry and charlie , whose relationship has been on the rocks , heats up as charlie becomes jealous of betty and tells her to back off . 
a fantasy series about global war in a world related to medieval europe , where magic exists . 
by adjusting the gas pressurising organ using the gas gland or oval window the fish can obtain neutral buoyancy and ascend and descend to a large range of depths . 
he was a professor of theoretical chemistry and electrochemistry at the royal institute of technology 1936-1943 , in inorganic and physical chemistry at stockholm university 1943-1960 , and in physical chemistry at stockholm university 1960-1968 . 
" i want them to play on sunday . " 
in its first week , " fun-fare " charted at number seven on the oricon charts , selling 9,891 copies . 
among the city 's more than fifty theaters is the world-famous mariinsky theater ( also known as the kirov theater in the ussr ) , home to the mariinsky ballet company and opera . 
mckenna and davies found that 10 mm or greater hclo is necessary to fragment proteins in vivo . 
juventus were also eliminated in the quarter finals of the coppa italia to eventual winners roma that season . 
within the texas a&m corps of cadets , seniors are given the privilege to wear distinctive brown leather boots , known as " senior boots . " 
one or more galls may occur per stem , but only one larva inhabits each gall . 
audsley has had a comparably extended collaboration with director mike newell , including " harry potter and the goblet of fire " ( 2005 ) . 
his adoptive lenape father , cuyloga , renamed him true son . 
in the same year , Ólafur toured with sigur rós . 
he 's also passionate about community integration and proyection of the uk abroad . 
his elder brother george murray ( 1897 – 1898 ) also became an artist , who was renowned for his murals , portraits and mosaics . 
bell carried the ball 39 times for 137 yards in such bad weather that the game had to be played under lights . 
stacey d'erasmo writing for " the new york times book review " criticizes the lack of specificity of the imagery , describing the experience as being " continually told how magical the circus and its denizens are without ever being truly surprised , entranced or beguiled . " 
on august 12 , 2007 at 09:37 local time , a bombardier dash 8 q400 ( registered hl5256 ) operating jeju air flight 502 from jeju to busan skidded off the runway at gimhae international airport , busan , due to a strong headwind , injuring 6 people on board and damaging the aircraft beyond repair . 
30.9 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.8 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . 
he appeared on " " , where he received his puppy bonzo . 
he was driven by the desire to obtain the best film he could and was well known for his neutrality , crossing , on one occasion , to film from the viet cong side . 
during the 1720s he was in vienna , where he may have studied with johann fux and was married on 27 january 1727 . 
it is also noted that unlike most adult hit stations that only play recurrents and recent oldies mixed in with classic hits , this station plays at least one current hit an hour to better compete with more current based competiters ktwn-fm and kdwb . 
when using the interrogative with the present continuous , one does not use the verb " to do " as with the simple present , rather , one swaps the positions of the conjugation of " to be " and the present participle . 
after the season stoddard signed with none other than the padres as a free agent . 
it elects one member of parliament ( mp ) by the first past the post system of election , and part of the south west england constituency of the european parliament which elects six meps using the d'hondt method of party-list proportional representation . 
located in the arsi zone of the oromia region , this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1451 meters above sea level . 
finally , it develops the 
the type 56 is a widely proliferated variant of the ak-47 . 
many child molesters cannot be characterized as having an adult sexual orientation at all ; they are fixated on children . 
the school district of palm beach county ( sdpbc ) is the thirteenth largest public school district in the united states , and the fifth largest school district in florida . 
then , towards the end of the 17th century came the plundering by french king louis xiv ’s troops , which further reduced the population . 
students in the middle school are graded on a " a " — " f " basis , while lower school students are graded by a 1-5 on each report card . 
in the southwest corner of the basement is the oldest room in the house , used for cold storage . 
the village originated as a 7th-century settlement , and is mentioned as a parish in the 1086 domesday book . 
dwayne tries to warn freddie , but she does not believe garth would do such a thing . 
a request for bids was published on 5 june 2004 and by 3 january 2005 the finnish navy had received offers from seven shipyards , both domestic and foreign . 
subsequently he travelled in france , and at orleans was created a doctor of civil law . 
over time , the pictographic representations tended to became increasingly stylized , until evolving to the modern standard form : 
after that , he played with the fort wayne fury of the continental basketball association along with future rockets teammate moochie norris . 
the program included works by established choreographers such as jiří kylián , nacho duato and mauro bigonzetti and by younger artists including graduates of the academy . 
latter day saints were asked to voluntarily deed ( consecrate ) their property to the church of christ , and the church then would assign to each member a " stewardship " of property " as much as is sufficient for himself and family " for his " needs , wants , family , and circumstances . " 
australian wine research institute 
it was all about work . 
the team is a class a short-season team in the northwest league and have been a farm team of the arizona diamondbacks since 2001 , when the franchise was known as the yakima bears . 
also in 1927 , he was runner-up at the illinois state championship , losing in a five-set final to bill tilden . 
he was the mayor of hartford from 1815 to 1824 , and was also a member of the state senate in 1819 and 1820 . 
vic rouse ( footballer , born 1897 ) 
microsoft says it is like having multiple versions of office on your desktop — one in the initially installed language and one or more other languages , additionally installed through language packs . 
they encountered four men , three of whom ran off ; however , the fourth , armed and wearing bandoliers , aimed at the unarmed guards . 
it was found at woodstock , oxfordshire near blenheim in england in about 1740 . 
kassian later dressed for the eastern conference in the ohl all-star classic and scored a goal and an assist . 
the planning committee meets once a fortnight , the other two committees once a month . 
rantoul told the jury , “ we have not adopted the whole mass of the common law of england. [ ... ] 
another germano collaboration of sorts was released later that year , when another " excerpts from a love circus " track , " lovesick " , was remixed by drum & bass producer the underdog ( aka trevor jackson , later of playgroup ) , and released as a single on his output recordings label . 
representation was also secured on the west derby board of guardians , which supervised health care and poor relief in the north and east of the city . 
although winning the case in the district court in 2001 , the judgment against the u.s. was overturned by the u.s. court of appeals in 2002 . 
on september 15 , 2014 , edge released a new 3-song ep called for . 
shortly before this , he had also been remobilized as a frigate captain . 
it was described as a masterpiece of bridge painting by ursula prinster , curator of a 1982 art gallery of new south wales exhibition on paintings of the harbour bridge . 
this mutation causes the amino acid homocystine not to be used properly thus high levels build up in the blood , damaging the endothelial tissue and increasing the likelihood of rvt . 
cardinal wilhelm van rossum ordained him , and he was titular of selje . 
the park operated in the 1980s and 90s , consisting of 13 water slides , mini golf , a beach with zip line , paddle boats , gas powered bumper boats , a lazy river , and a children &raspsquo; swim area with three small water slides . 
he notably conducted the studio orchestra for a 1962 lp album with accordionist gordie fleming . 
self-catering visitor accommodation is now available from april to october . 
united christian college ( kowloon east ) 
a monument in his memory was erected in 1710 by simon harcourt , 1st viscount harcourt in westminster abbey , between the monuments to chaucer and drayton , with the motto " " honos erit huic quoque pomo " " from the title page of " cyder " . 
blackburn was born in greenhithe , kent , england , to the cleric and entomologist thomas blackburn and his wife jessie ann , " née " wood . 
generally however the above will be shown as simply c9 , which implies a 7th in the chord . 
" the brighton line in 1887 " gavan-duffy , c.d. australian railway historical society bulletin november 1960 pp174 – 179 
" tributo a sandro " , " quiero llenarme de ti " 2000 [ http://www.artistdirect.com/nad/store/artist/album/0,888337,00.html ] 
the first dealer is decided by cutting . 
the department 's records were retained in a university library . 
when gantt was sent to world war ii , don the beachcomber flourished under his ex-wife 's management , expanding into a chain of 16 restaurants . 
as well as the musical theatre songs with which she is closely related , the album features less obvious performances such as the beatles song , " yesterday " that paige performed for her first " evita " audition , and " shoot the breeze " that was taught to her by the song 's composer dustin hoffman . 
albrechtsen has received her undergraduate degree from temple university and an mba from copenhagen business school . 
this focus led her to the baylor college of medicine in houston , texas , which housed one of the only virology programs in the country at the time . 
after an on-air contest to adopt a new name , listeners chose the moniker " the rock " for the new network . 
until the end of the edo period , in 1868 , shinto and buddhism were intimately connected in what was called " shinbutsu shūgō " ( 神仏習合 ) , to the point that the same buildings were often used as both shinto shrines and buddhist temples , and shinto gods were interpreted as manifestations of buddhas . 
commissioned officers and senior ncos , such as sergeant major and battalion/regimental quartermaster , wear a larger dark bronze version . 
a fractionated spacecraft is a satellite architecture where the functional capabilities of a conventional monolithic spacecraft are distributed across multiple modules which interact through wireless links . 
zbigniew kazimierz brzezinski ( ; ; born march 28 , 1928 ) is a polish american political scientist , geostrategist , and statesman who served as a counsellor to lyndon b. johnson from 1966 – 1968 and held the position of united states national security advisor to president jimmy carter from 1977 to 1981 . 
it was at this time that hadrian moved the " legio iv flavia felix " from its base at " ulpia traiana sarmizegetusa " , and ordered it stationed in moesia superior . 
the " tobal 2 original sound track " was scored by takayuki nakamura , who also composed for the fighting games " virtua fighter " and dream factory 's " ehrgeiz " . 
player is the second album by french pop/r&b singer m. pokora which was released on january 26 , 2006 in france . 
the charter of the city of los angeles is the founding document of los angeles . 
holmes tricks coward into revealing that the plan is to kill its members . 
the drug acts by forming adducts with cellular dna , preventing dna transcription and replication , thereby inducing apoptosis . 
fail pets are of interest to marketers because they can result in brand recognition ( especially through earned media ) . 
he was a member of the first council of the game theory society ( 2000 – 2005 ) , president of the israel mathematical union ( 2005 – 2006 ) , executive vice-president of the game theory society ( 2006 – 2008 ) , and president of the game theory society ( 2008 – 2010 ) . 
high times magazine described it as there being " no way to satisfactorily pigeonhole this music . 
directed by shaji kailas and starring suresh gopi , siddique , saikumar and rajan p. dev in the lead roles , this film hugely got positive response at box office . 
the member society council meets twice a year in conjunction with the annual meetings of the american association of petroleum geologists and the geological society of america . 
when he heard singer steve holt was leaving the band , gallagher auditioned to be the new vocalist . 
he carried this perspective with him to his director ’s chair at the national science foundation , transforming the way the agency viewed the discipline of anthropology and instituting an invaluable resource . 
upper mustang trek , jomsom muktinath trek , damodar kunda trekking , lower mustang trekking are several of the popular trekking organizations in the upper mustang area . 
some historians doubt that the attack ever took place . 
the roof was torn down to the base wood all of which was replaced where needed . 
contraction of these muscles causes the hairs to stand on end - known colloquially as goose bumps . 
on the other hand , utility bills paid by those fortunate enough to be connected to the network are very low in some developing countries . 
the plastic and metal coffee capsules typically are used in a non-removable receptacle on the brewing device . 
will engage in discussions to converge on resolutions and policies about current , pressing issues . 
not long after finishing his studies in bonn and berlin , he latched onto politics as a career and joined the centre party , which he represented in the reichstag from 1912 to 1933 , and from 1915 to 1933 , also in the württemberg " landtag " . 
harrison earned his bfa in industrial design at pratt institute in 1958 , and his mfa from cranbrook academy of art in 1959 . 
uvas reservoir is a reservoir in santa clara county , california , u.s.a. , created in 1957 by the construction of uvas dam across uvas creek . 
it is their first season with tor ole skullerud as their manager as ole gunnar solskjær left the club on 2 january 2014 to join cardiff city . 
the united nations established a field hospital in gizo , with a total of eight planned for the entire country , and also established three camps for internally displaced persons . 
during the reign of saddam hussein over 202,000 refugees fled iraq to refugee camps in iran . 
the growth of internet radio from a small experimenter 's toy in the mid-1990s to a huge phenomenon allowing both small do-it-yourselfers and large commercial stations to make their offerings available worldwide was seen as a threat to over-the-air music broadcasting , and was nearly shut down by onerous licensing demands made by the recording industry . 
then the " k"th component of the covariant derivative of " y " with respect to " x " is given by 
at 900 feet about sea level , it was the highest point on the canal , which flowed downhill to the delaware river to the west and the hudson river to the east , and on the m&e railroad . 
farmers noted that females mated in the spring but did not give birth . 
he moved to california in 1849 and engaged in banking in sacramento . 
sylvia nora townsend warner was born at harrow on the hill , middlesex , the only child of george townsend warner and his wife eleanora ( née hudleston ) . 
after the second , pembroke led in shots 15-11 and yet the score was still 0-0 . 
the dark thoughts . 
allmusic lauded the album in their retrospective review , describing it as one of the band 's best performances and remarking that " the content ends up showing off the best and the worst attributes of mountain " . 
around 1956 , hudgins and toppino formed a partnership and developed a section of summerland , named summerland cove , with a landing strip flanked by homes on both sides and canals behind the homes . 
he also taught at the rotterdam conservatory of music from 1937 to 1940 and the brussels conservatory of music from 1954 to 1961 . 
until 2010 , it was the largest school in the city of redland but rapid growth of enrolments at cleveland district state high school have put alexandra hills into 2nd place since 2011 . 
the numerous awards and honors were conferred upon borovykh by the decree of the presidium of the supreme soviet on august 24 , 1943 . 
the vis sprint is a pusher configuration , pod-and-boom two-seat ultralight , designed and built in the ukraine in the mid-2000s . 
this empowered the railroads to organize private police forces . 
the " conférence des grandes écoles " , which is a non-profit association , issues three accreditations : 
encouraged by her father to follow literary pursuits , she started writing poetry at the age of 11 . 
the firm wove out and smashed the looms the workforce was made redundant . 
as a result of those cramped quarters , gunn developed her desire to travel . 
in 2009 , it was named to the national film registry by the library of congress for being " culturally , historically or aesthetically " significant and will be preserved for all time . 
the report of this incident was initially sketchy and reported to emperor franz-joseph as " a considerable skirmish " . 
influence on labour government . 
toberman knocks klieg unconscious . 
in 1947 the postgraduate committee in dental science was established , to promote and develop programs of continuing education for the dental profession . 
kamranieh and the surroundings used to be farmlands - specially to grow wheat and barley . 
in the early 80's the oakers made the playoffs every year . 
sales were strong , if not quite up to record-breaking 1960 , at 73,051 including 10,516 convertibles . 
maximilian josef riedel was born in 1977 to georg riedel and eva riedel in vienna , austria , 400 km from riedel crystal headquarters in kufstein , austria . 
stone 's corner congregational church , meriden , ct ( 1849 ) is said to have employed a similar design . 
some other species , such as ducks , move their chicks away from the nest at an early age . 
in switzerland leopold and charlotte settled in zurich while erika attended an orthodox jewish boarding school in the rhone valley not far from lausanne . 
paramount then sold the rights to republic pictures and herbert j. yates hired ray milland for his second directorial effort and starring role in the film . 
additionally , peripheral weighting , or the placing of mass as far away from the center of the clubface as possible , increases the moment of inertia of the club head , reducing twisting if the club contacts the ball slightly off-center and thus giving the club a larger " sweet spot " with which to contact the ball . 
roman catholic diocese of las cruces 
her daughter amanda , a baptist minister , conducted her funeral . 
sleekpay ltd is partnering with many service providers and e-commerce website owners in kenya and the region to enable them sell online and get paid securely . 
it is bordered by white township to the north , beaver falls and patterson heights to the east , new brighton to the east across the beaver river , fallston to the southeast , brighton township to the southwest , and chippewa township to the west . 
al 's favorite television series , the fictional western show " psycho dad " , was a source of joy and entertainment that al seemingly , at times , wanted to emulate . 
these failures in oversight led to the distribution of antitoxin that caused the death of 12 more children . 
the green party ( mp ) was the fourth-largest party in the riksdag with 25 seats . 
historian gregory dowd argues that most native americans involved in pontiac 's rebellion were not immediately threatened with displacement by white settlers , and that historians have therefore overemphasized british colonial expansion as a cause of the war . 
psr j0437-4715 is a pulsar . 
she served just 11 months of her term . 
during his tenure , the william r. murchie science building and mckinnon plaza were completed ( 1988 ) as well as a complete set of skywalks connecting the major buildings on campus ; a former festival marketplace ( water street pavilion ) was acquired and repurposed as the university pavilion ( 1991 ) ; and , as a result of generous donations , construction of the frances willson thompson library was started . 
the dorsal , pelvic , and anal fins are all of similar size . 
the princeton review ranks eugene lang among " america 's 371 best colleges " and the " best northeastern colleges. " . 
his letters written home during the period of his mission were collected and published in 1856 . 
the alga has drifted from the pacific ocean through the arctic , following the reduction in polar ice . 
apart from the digital effects team , the series and its actors were nominated for and won various awards as well . 
the betrayal lucky feels from having the truth kept from him has a drastic impact on the character , especially because of how close he had been with his parents . 
he was a reserve and special teams player for the san francisco 49ers during the early success of the bill walsh era . 
unfortunately , the second head 's mechanics seldom worked properly and so for most of the time it just sat on zaphod 's shoulder looking inanimate , although in one scene it manages to have a brief conversation with wing-davey 's real head . 
in 2001 , her fourth album bebek was released . 
the electron donor and acceptor are mixed in such a way that the gradient is gradual . 
rather than following standard evidentiary rules , they require extensive pleadings and documentation upon filing of a formally written complaint . 
steven siegelbaum identified a potassium channel that could be regulated by pka , coupling serotonin 's effects to altered synaptic electrophysiology . 
on the inwa side , a number of horse-drawn carts await the tourist business . 
it was played with two or three groups with single round-robin format , semifinals and final . 
their track " bottle for a friend " was entered in september 2012 for the marshall ultimate band contest competition . 
the per capita income for the town was $ 25,488 . 
family : cisticolidae 
jolson recorded the song several times in his career and performed it in the movies " the jolson story " ( 1946 ) , " rhapsody in blue " ( 1946 ) , and " jolson sings again " ( 1949 ) . 
architect and urban planner jean-claude marsan also consulted on the project . 
as philipps , he was a cricketer with amateur status who was associated with marylebone cricket club ( mcc ) and made his first-class debut in 1830 . 
most of them live in the south of moldova in the autonomous region of gagauzia . 
thus they were not responsible for controlling any specific file downloads . 
herborg , the queen of the huns , told her that she had lost her husband and seven of her sons in the south . 
she previously served as drew university ’s provost and academic vice president and as the porter professor of physiology at spelman college . 
george steptoe washington ( august 17 , 1771 - january 10 , 1809 ) was a planter , militia officer and nephew of the first president of the united states george washington . 
raeder often impressed people who knew him as " aloof , uncomfortable in professional relationships , religious , authoritarian , puritanical , intolerant of individual initiative ... and extremely sensitive to criticism " . 
his funeral was one of the largest ever seen in colombo . 
in the spring 2014 spring wisconsin election , american majority trained candidates helped flip liberal controlled boards to conservative control on the menomonee falls village board and kenosha unified school district . 
she was walking near washington st. and state street when she was hit in the head by what she thought was a bullet . 
it 's strictly related to pingyang dialect and lucheng dialect , generally referred as wenzhounese . 
he married betty russell in st patrick 's cathedral , dublin , in 1945 , and had a son and two daughters . 
the station ran round the clock from a studio and tower near the lubbock ( idalou ) speedway racetrack . 
→ " main article : panathenaic amphora " 
the title track is given a rock treatment , and two tracks are baroque instrumentals . 
he succeeded his father in 1975 . 
burnley was born in thorpe arch , yorkshire , england , and arrived in the area known then as the port phillip district of new south wales around 1839 . 
no personnel attends the station but there are ticket machines , cctv , and emergency and information telephones . 
the tribe people always wear black clothes , such as pants that almost touch knees , sarong , robe , and headband . 
the road is featured in project gotham racing 2 along with harcourt road and many others from various locations . 
in 2009 , a play based on the life of michael hardwick and the judicial proceedings , " sodomy rules : the bowers v. hardwick trial " , was written and performed by bill crouch in new york city . 
new york life ins . 
according to studies already conducted , a holding company is to be set up to run mpc , with three subsidiaries , one for production , another for services and maintenance and a third for tourism . 
october 10 : three rivers stadium , pittsburgh , pennsylvania 
dr. félix rey , a young intern at the hospital , also suggested there might be " a kind of epilepsy " involved that he characterised as " mental " epilepsy . 
it did not originate in fiji but has a long tradition ; in british constitutional theory , the leader of the opposition must pose a formal alternative to the government , ready to form a government himself should the prime minister lose the confidence of the house of representatives . 
cho 's academic career began with his 1959 appointment to kyunghee university . 
prr also experimented with cab signals without wayside signals , an approach later expanded by conrail ( conemaugh line ) and norfolk southern railway ( cleveland line ) . 
the mimids are a family of passerine birds that includes thrashers , mockingbirds , tremblers and the new world catbirds . 
later he went to rome , milan , siena and salzburg . 
traditionally , there are three types of kurdish classical performers : storytellers ( " çîrokbêj " ) , minstrels ( " stranbêj " ) , and bards ( " dengbêj " ) . 
he was a supporter of maurice clarett 's attempt to challenge the nfl draft 's eligibility rules . 
the annual average rainfall is 2881 mm ( 113.5 inches ) . 
for 2009 , he stays on at ducati xerox , partnering noriyuki haga after bayliss ' retirement . 
for further details , see hermite polynomials . 
widely considered to be a healthy food , collards are good sources of vitamin c and soluble fiber , and contain multiple nutrients with potent anticancer properties , such as diindolylmethane and sulforaphane . 
the launch was planned for 1980 , with a crew of three cosmonauts . 
agustín fernández mallo ( la coruña , 1967 ) is a physicist and spanish writer . 
wohl aus bequemlichkeitsgründen wurde 1417 ein neues haupttor im süden angelegt . 
on august 1 , 2013 , anthem media group announced the acquisition of rotoexperts and sportsgrid to bolster its online presence and provide content for the launch of fntsy sports network . 
artillery barrage immediately began , followed by an assault ( june 28 ) , in which mostly armed peasants took place . 
in december 2001 , he gave a speech on " making sense of violence in postcolonial africa " at the nobel centennial symposia in oslo , norway . 
rajkeswur purryag ( known as kailash purryag ) gcsk , gosk is the president of mauritius , in office since 2012 . 
democrat frank pallone , who has represented the 6th district since 1993 ( and previously represented the 3rd district from 1988 until 1993 ) , will seek re-election . 
however , as unicorn blood , freely given , can heal just about any wound , luna does one final act , allowing the blood from her wound to heal leopold . 
heating and cooling loads of buildings , passive solar system , active solar system , solar house design , energy conservation in buildings , thermal comfort , indoor air quality and visual environment and pv integration into building design . 
the city hall is located at the piazza vittorio erspamer . 
he attended a further interview the following day when he was told that he was to command a new squadron , which would be required to fly low at night with an objective that had to be achieved by 19 may . 
elizabeth gilbert explained that the first chant provided by her guru was " om namah shivaya . " 
many clergy were allowed back into their respective churches at the rank they had before joining the living church , except for vvedensky , who as the " founding father " of the schism was to be laicized . 
the results were supposed to be transmitted to the electoral commission through the vsat satellite system , but the electoral commission said that the vsat machines had failed and that physical proof of the results would have to be delivered to lomé . 
erika 's greatest success was winning the first ms. international contest in 1986 . 
the properties of these ni based superalloys can be tailored to a certain extent through the addition of many other elements , both common and exotic , including not only metals , but also metalloids and nonmetals ; chromium , iron , cobalt , molybdenum , tungsten , tantalum , aluminium , titanium , zirconium , niobium , rhenium , yttrium , vanadium , carbon , boron or hafnium are some examples of the alloying additions used . 
it started in the 19th century in the areas west of kargopol . 
the annulus is heated at the outer wall and cooled at the inner wall , and the resulting fluid flows give rise to baroclinically unstable waves . 
conservapedia has been compared to creationwiki , a wiki written from a creationist perspective , and theopedia , a wiki with a reformed theology focus . 
a famed fresco by raphael and his school in the vatican stanze depicts the event . 
became part of sac nuclear deterrent force . 
the ‘ ‘ church council’‘ is held twice per year or as required to govern the business of individual churches . 
for example , 10** denotes the second 10-vertex polyhedron on conway 's list . 
in 1932 , she became assistant professor in biochemistry at the university of pennsylvania at the henry phipps institute and rose through the ranks to full professor and professor emeritus in 1959 , when she retired . 
in 1758 , the marathas under raghunathrao captured multan along with lahore , attock , peshawar and kashmir . 
companies or organizations with offices , warehouses , or manufacturing facilities in pureland include : 
on 11 may 2010 , the fifa emergency committee suspended the salvadoran football association ( fesfut ) on account of government interference . 
5 december 1943 - 15 march 1944 : jewish concentration camp for the italian social republic . 
nonetheless , some global histories , like bayly 's own " birth of the modern world " or david armitage 's " the declaration of independence : a global history " offer contributions to the huge and necessarily collaborative project of writing the history of thought in a comparative and especially connective way . 
the new magazine was relaunched in 1991 as a monthly newsstand magazine , winning dodd an award as ppa smaller publisher of the year . 
the " friends of " viola/dias " " estimate the cost of repatriating " viola " at £ 1 million , and restoration costs at £ 5 million . 
thursday 4 february , city inn hotel 
the game had a bit of controversy too when a mark daly goal was disallowed and a monaghan player was sent off . 
the roxburgh branch railway used to pass through the town ; it was opened to millers flat in 1925 and was the terminus for approximately two and a half years , until the section to roxburgh was opened . 
there were 437 housing units at an average density of 533.4 per square mile ( 205.8/km² ) . 
he became affiliated with the united farmers of manitoba ( ufm ) after this election , and was re-elected under the ufm banner in the 1922 provincial election . 
he began on 1 january 1909 , with a salary of £ 600 , £ 100 more than at his previous post in cardiff , with a pension . 
some send her food . 
through this , speaking acquires the following meaning : what has been experienced is , in the act of being spoken of , conceptualized , and consequently brought to the levels of thought , association , reflection and communication . 
though the town of ratzeburg was part of the ratzeburg diocese , the town itself was not within the territory of the prince-bishopric of ratzeburg , but formed a part of the old duchy of saxony and became part of its dynastic partition of saxe-lauenburg around 1296 , remaining with this duchy under altering dynasties until 1876 . 
in a december 2006 interview with dubcnn , martin said that " the reformation " is 60 % completed . 
today , this event can be explained scientifically : certain wind conditions induce waves at the natural frequency of the upper and lower lake . 
rts , including its virtual campus , is accredited by the association of theological schools in the united states and canada and by the commission on colleges of the southern association of colleges and schools . 
the per capita income for the village was $ 10,880 . 
in taxonomy , chamaetrichon is a genus of algae , in the family chaetophoraceae . 
this was followed by the 1990 purchase of maxwell graphics ' shops . 
this reconstruction proposes " human action and understanding can be fruitfully analysed as having a linguistic structure " , and each utterance relies upon the anticipation of freedom from unnecessary domination . 
alan pergament of " the buffalo news " said she " showed a different side and was the best guest star " in the episode . 
their love life gets on track . 
the nwp is a part of the all parties democratic movement ( apdm ) and the awami jamhoori tehreek ( ajt ) at present . 
robert sherwood haggart ( march 13 , 1914 , new york city – december 2 , 1998 , venice , florida ) was a dixieland jazz double bass player , composer and arranger . 
many teams of the nfl wore uniforms provided by russell athletic during the 1990s , they are : 
in the debate , he was criticized for spending $ 3 million of his own money . 
he awarded the apple to aphrodite , thus indirectly causing the trojan war . 
his comments , always paradoxical and sparking controversy , would lead him to clashes with radicals ( like lenin ) and the tsarist government alike . 
he played hockey at his high school , catholic memorial , before moving on to play college hockey at harvard university and then moving to the nhl for the 1991 – 92 season . 
after the fall of the armenian kingdom in 428 , dvin became the residence of sassanid appointed " marzpans " ( governors ) , byzantine " kouropalates " and later umayyad and abbasid appointed " ostikans " ( governors ) , all of whom were of senior nakharar stock . 
floods and landslides in the rainy season affect a wide range of infrastructure . 
although the time of year — april — often results in rain during one or more days of the 3-day festival , turnout is generally quite large , with as many as 40,000 visiting the festival over the period of a weekend . 
he is also currently the honorary president of azapo while jacob dikobo is the current president , this is not unusual in the black consciousness movement as was the case with steve biko who was also the honorary president of the black people 's convention in the early 70's while winfrey kgware was the president . 
after a slight scare , and after several blood tests , it 's discovered that everyone ( antonio , gonzalo , daniela , and tamayo ) is negative . 
trucks in this weight class are considered medium duty by the military and department of transportation . 
adidas predator is a range of football boots developed by german sportswear manufacturers adidas based on a prototype concept from the australian former footballer craig johnston . 
the population of estonia increased steadily until the outbreak of the plague in 1657 . 
according to this " it from bit " doctrine , all things physical are information-theoretic in origin . 
he made his feature film debut playing talent agent fintan o'donnell in " hear my song " ( 1991 ) . 
on september 21 , 2012 , libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson filed an anti-trust lawsuit against cpd , the rnc and the dnc in d.c. circuit court citing the sherman act and claiming " restraint of trade " for denying competition to , for example , potentially receive the $ 400,000 annual presidential salary . 
based in new westminster , british columbia , the unit began recruiting in late 1915 in that city . 
these measures can last anywhere between a couple of minutes ( when minor delays are occurring ) up to several hours ( during major incidents ) . 
clemence returned for a qualifier for the 1984 european championships against luxembourg , but this game , clemence 's 61st for his country , also proved to be his last . 
it was recorded in august 2007 for southern records latitudes series . 
in november 2009 , sun-times sports editor stu courtney quit to join the rival chicago tribune 's chicago breaking sports website . 
mainly intended for agricultural applications , it is also called “ plant protection aerial robot ” . 
although this institute was upgraderd to pabna textile engineering college in 2006 , there was very less digital facilities . 
he was mustered out of the service in september 1865 . 
note : this list includes only primetime programs . 
this goby feeds on marine plankton , including algae , when it lives in the ocean . 
in her new term , maria will focus on vacant land and long term housing development for the city . 
if the melody note is considered a passing tone , the harmony is created either by a diminished chord or a chromatically shifted chord . 
hartsville community center-hartsville community market 
they then discover a live polar bear that has been locked in a cage . 
as huree-monasteries and huree-camps of nobles settled and grew up into towns and cities , the names of such settlements retained the word huree as a necessary component ( e.g. , niislel huree , zasagtu khaan-u huree ) . 
i allow no surrenders . " 
bromley also won the kent senior cup with a memorable win over gravesend & northfleet . 
he was awarded a jagir in western up , where he established the town saharanpur . 
as a junior player , he was once ranked no. 1 junior tennis player in the united states . 
he then taught at pennington . 
friedman received the alan t. waterman award in 1984 . 
the league covered the united states and canada , with many european professionals brought in to supplement domestic talent . 
normalizing , although each term not containing " g"(3,3 ) is strongly normalizing . 
under theodoric septimania had been safe from frankish assault , but was raided by childebert i twice ( 531 and 541 ) . 
the band 's performances on november 25 , 2012 in phoenix , arizona and november 28 , 2012 in dallas , texas were recorded to make a live cd/dvd/blu-ray that was released on november 19 , 2013 . 
the camp chief challenge was the most popular activity to take part in . 
neo-dolphins are at a relatively early stage of uplift , and this has several consequences which are important in the plots of the stories : the optimal genetic mix for neo-dolphins has not yet been determined , and some of the newer genetic mixes become dangerous to colleagues when under stress ; there are significant differences between older and younger neo-dolphins , in particular older individuals find it more difficult to speak ; and they have to struggle against tendencies to slip into atavistic behaviours such as the whale dream and rescue fever ( which leads them to beach themselves ) . 
prastuti parashar was born in jorhat , assam. she received her education in jorhat . 
on 8 june , she sailed with ammunition for the mediterranean , and until 6 november supplied ships in oran , algiers , arzeu , bizerte , and palermo . 
1 ) pu khotinthang sitlhou alias kilkhong , chief of jampi 
ardeshir replied , " i do n't know whether i 'm the first or not , but i 'm certainly determined , with the help of a benefactor like you , to be the best . " 
all of the historically producing mercury mines of the vicinity were associated with mineral or hot springs and all were near the heads of creeks . 
he claimed man of the match honours and was picked for the 4th and 5th odis against pakistan . 
after the 1990 unbannings of political parties , inyandza merged into the anc and mabuza promptly resigned from active politics and entered the corporate world . 
mswati iii lives about away at the lozitha palace . 
a 26-year-old software developer was arrested in san francisco and accused of running silk road under the pseudonym &raspsquo; defcon &raspsquo; . 
the huskers won the first set but could not keep the momentum . 
he is a member of the state duma 's committee on manufacturing , construction , science and technology. [ http://www.usrbc.org/members-only/russian%20government%20and%20regions/duma/deputy.htm ] he has attended st. petersburg state university . 
in 1981 , he founded the jazz faculty in the jerusalem academy of music and dance and served as head of the faculty for 8 years . 
no vote ! " 
further weight and cost was saved by not fitting a landing wheel . 
they have been found in southern new guinea between merauke in the west and the kelp welsh river , east of port moresby , in the east , where they may be found in open woodland . 
from 1922 until 1999 heythrop housed first a jesuit tertiary education college , and later a training establishment . 
it was filmed at liverpool military camp using national servicemen and a number of actors who were given leave to make the movie.shirley ann richards plays a chiropractor . 
the position offered him some administrative powers also . 
however , what matchbox actually produced was a " brand new " porsche bodyshell ( mark 2 ) . 
with the increasing number of cross-border sites , mbds developed a new 6-year action plan focusing on seven inter- 
gibraltar is a british overseas territory located on the southern end of the iberian peninsula at the entrance of the mediterranean . 
220 policemen were killed in fighting in 2007 and 2008 . 
under current laws , the government did not encourage victims ’ assistance in the investigation and prosecution of trafficking or other crimes , nor did it provide legal alternatives to the removal of foreign victims to countries where they would face hardship or retribution . 
in the same period , while expenditure in english universities rose by 90 per cent , in scotland the increase was less than a third of that figure . 
despite the absence of case endings in the dialects spoken by many of its users , the producers used them and other indispensable features of msa . 
she is known for her whimsically prolix movie titles . 
this caused many delays and poor utilization of tracks , as some trains make many stops and others only a few . 
the total value of the endowment was about £ 250,000 . 
it is located west of martinez and north of richmond . 
glyndwr himself won a victory over an army of english and flemish settlers in pembrokeshire at mynydd hyddgen in mid-wales . 
dynamo joe was the most advanced robosoldier suit on the front line as a result of his ongoing upgrades , many of which were derived from observing/studying the extra-dimensional , sentient battlesuit “ wolf-1 , ” which was operated by a mercenary from the pan-dimensional city of cynosure . 
sailor free started in 1991 in rome , by four musicians from the 1980s local rock scene : drummer stefano toni , bassist alfonso nini , guitarist stefano barelli and david petrosino , composer , singer and keyboard player . 
in 1923 , the town clock was almost dismantled when the financial cost of repairs led the city council to decide to remove the clock . 
to the memory of soldiers from vernet who died for their country " 
in their next encounter , la salle emerged victorious , 88-86 with jeron teng scoring 32 points including 17 out of 20 from the free throw line . 
5th irish film &amp; television awards 
notable people with the surname include : 
the allusion to hamlet 's experience with the ghost is meant not only as a " template of terror " , but also serves to make the reader invoke the feeling of watching the play itself and he does so on three separate occasions . 
good bye , lenin ! , germany , directed by wolfgang becker 
after the establishment of the people 's republic of china in 1949 and his military activities , xie was appointed deputy minister of public security , the number two figure in the security establishment . 
eight days later , he recorded his seventh and final shutout of the campaign in a 4 – 0 win against the los angeles kings , setting a new team record . 
in 1919 , he was made a director of the cunard steamship company . 
the film is preserved at the library of congress . 
her success depended upon the steamer 's slipping by union warships without being identified . 
central executive powers lay with the prime minister . 
at the start of each year , " canadian immigrant " invites nominations based on a variety of criteria , which range from contribution to community to professional accomplishments . 
most of the locations are smaller " traditional " venues , but some are larger theatres , such as coliseum calgary ( now empire theatres shawnessy ) , silvercity theatres in kitchener and st. catharines , ontario , one in calgary , alberta ( now empire theatres kitchener , empire theatres pen centre , and empire theatres country hills respectively ) , and cineplex odeon square one in mississauga ( now empire theatres square one ) . 
the committee recommende &rasprsquo; fortescue , the house ‘ being very well satisfied that he is a man of honour and experience and worthy of such an employment &rasprsquo; . 
the chepino dialect is a bulgarian dialect of the rhodopean group of the rup dialects . 
but otherwise a poorly performing vertibird set . 
this followed the takeover of banque indosuez by the crédit agricole group , which itself had operations in both réunion and mayotte in direct competition with bfcoi . 
recent studies provide evidence of the pathogenesis of hze nuclei in the cns . 
puchberg am schneeberg is a town in the south-eastern part of lower austria with approx . 
it has been translated as the " trade union law " and " labor union law " . 
its second and third singles " choke " and " killing me " were used in nintendo 's 1080 avalanche video game and commercials , with a hidden live video within the game . 
billing itself as a " children 's city , " holon is home to the holon children 's museum and the mediatheque youth theater . 
in math , 77 % of the students in 3rd through 5th grades were on grade level and 40 % scored advanced . 
tom grabham ( born 20 june 1991 ) is a welsh rugby union player . 
referring to the released recording of the song , inglis opines that , rather than happiness , " the bitterness in his vocal performance tells a different story . " 
" see also list of los angeles municipal election returns , 1943 – 67 " 
the embassy is charged with representing the interests of the president and government of colombia , improving diplomatic relations between colombia and the accredited countries , promoting and improving the image and standing of colombia in the accredited nations , promoting the culture of colombia , encouraging and facilitating tourism to and from colombia , and ensuring the safety of colombians abroad . 
the video for under pressure " rah mix " was directed by doro and features footage of freddie mercury from the wembley concert on 12 july 1986 and david bowie at the freddie mercury tribute concert also at wembley on 20 april 1992 spliced together due to digital technology ( and with annie lennox carefully edited out ) and features on greatest flix iii vhs , under pressure " rah mix " cd single cd1 and queen hot space 2011 itunes edition . 
it was formed on 1 april 1974 by the merger of chesterton rural district and south cambridgeshire rural district . 
fighting between armenians and azeris continued in other parts of the enclave , including lachin , khojavend , and aghdara . 
individually , each proemial god became a caretaker of a specific universal mechanism , with tenebrous of the darkness between being tasked with " the black , the living matter that binds the universe and makes it whole . " 
oximes like these do have side effects and they include liver damage , kidney damage , nausea , vomiting , but they are very efficient antidotes to nerve gas poisoning . 
the soviets credit steenbeck , isaac kikoin and evgeni kamenev with originating different valuable aspects of the design . 
during his early career , he worked aboard the loch line , which operated between britain and australia . 
he competes in poetry slams and he became champion at the swedish annual poetry slam competition . 
the first legislature of the madras state to be elected on the basis of universal suffrage was constituted on 1 march 1952 , after the general elections held in january 1952 . 
1974 ncaa division i men 's ice hockey tournament 
on friday , march 5 , 1976 , mrs. cynthia bailey told police in dover , delaware , that she had been confronted in her home earlier that morning by a man with a knife , and that he had sexually assaulted her . 
for example , if one player could commit to playing a tit-for-tat strategy , then it would be optimal for the other player to cooperate until the last few periods of the game , which would yield a pareto superior outcome . 
in 1915 , portet met american radical and fellow exile , margaret sanger , in a liverpool cafe . 
he became known for his work on balto-slavic philology and slavic folk poetry . 
around 1,200 people take part in the carnival , of which one third come from abroad . 
the colour pattern consists of a yellowish , pale grey , pinkish , reddish , or pale brown ground colour that almost always matches the substrate colour where the animal is found . 
this left little revenue for puntland 's own security forces and civil service employees , leaving the territory vulnerable to piracy and terrorist attacks . 
the album was released on january 1 , 2002 . 
the story comes to an end when shay and cherry are travelling by canoe and it breaks and they end up spending the night together in a cave . 
several bus and dolmuş lines are connected to the stations . 
when they were booed by the crowd , police dispersed them . 
lady dou wan ( ) was the wife of liu sheng , prince of zhongshan , of the western han dynasty of chinese history . 
the lands to the east would belong to portugal and the lands to the west to spain . 
since then she has served the community and actively taken part in many projects . 
it became a city-recognized neighborhood ( encompassing a far smaller area than its historical boundaries ) in 1974 . 
the film is &raspsquo; inspired &raspsquo; from the hollywood classic mackenna 's gold . 
in 1926 , the store was purchased by the newly formed holding company scottish drapery corporation , and patrick thomson or p.t. as it was affectionally known marketed itself as " the shopping centre of scotland " . 
" creatures of the night " has appeared on following kiss albums : 
during this time , division in the church grew between east and west . 
he later settled in kamsack , saskatchewan . 
the mangbetu are a people of the democratic republic of the congo , living in the orientale province . 
they found each other at creative highs and decided to utilize this in each other . 
the constitutional court was established shortly after kosovo 's independence and heard its first cases in 2009 . 
he holds a master navigator rating . 
additionally , the being under british rule gave the colonialists many benefits , such as military protection from the native americans . 
in serve , teams had to travel to the little tokyo restaurant in makati and take food orders of various japanese dishes from customers . 
Álvaro sebastián ramos sepúlveda ( , born 14 april 1992 ) is a chilean football player that currently plays for primera división club universidad católica as a striker . 
in the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome , the formation of the shield is disrupted by antibodies . 
in the united states , it failed to reach the 100 on the billboard singles chart , however , it charted on the " billboard " dance club chart at #14 . 
as a consequence , she has to stay in bed with a severe cold for several days . 
sumerpur is one of the biggest markets for mustard seed . 
mara said that his leaderships skills displayed in that job earned him the top position . 
this status had also enabled territorians to qualify as south australian voters in elections for both houses of the commonwealth parliament after federation in 1901 . 
macarthur 's first change turned out to be the easiest . 
the wicket until the 1770s comprised two stumps and a single bail . 
appointments , made by the governor of queensland , were for life , although many members for one reason or another resigned . 
at the conference nintendo listed a number of publishers and franchises coming to the 3ds , one of whom was activision with " dj hero 3d " , a new installment in the " dj hero " series and the first handheld " dj hero " title . 
in 1847 he went to edinburgh as assistant to james finlay weir johnston , the highland and agricultural society of scotland 's chemist at the time . 
from the period of the original lordship in the 12th century onwards , ireland had retained its own bicameral parliament of ireland , consisting of a house of commons and a house of lords . 
the expressway is being built in three phases . 
in 1998 , belk " swapped " several mall locations throughout the southeast with dillard 's , thus exiting the chattanooga market only to return in 2005 after its purchase of proffitt 's from saks incorporated . 
in 2003 edited " poder vivo " . 
marc also lensed ( along with key cinematographer " ginny loane " ) stephen kang 's short film blue which won the grand prix , " semaine de la critique " at cannes in 2011 . 
the church is part of the Ålen parish in the gauldal deanery in the diocese of nidaros . 
the " sub pop #5 " cassette , released in 1982 , sold two thousand copies . 
the mass of the open cluster is estimated at 10 – 20 thousand solar masses , which makes it one of the most massive open clusters in the galaxy . 
when the cardinal returned to carlisle , david made the request . 
he went on to say that : " we believe the mutual principle is fundamental to the integrity of the bank . 
as a result , in february 2004 the lord chancellor exercised his powers under the access to justice act 1999 to appoint a legal services complaints commissioner to regulate the society . 
other observers , including patrick moore and w. h. pickering , have also noted unusual appearances in this area . 
after this the chapters outside of boston gradually became dormant . 
henry 's succession plans were thrown into chaos by the sinking of the " white ship " on 25 november 1120 . 
he then joined the institute for theoretical physics at state university of new york at stony brook ( 1967 ) . 
it is found in taiwan . 
the " second wife " of george i is mentioned by the medieval georgian chronicles in a passage relating a futile attempt by a noble party to promote her son , who lived in anakopia on the shores of abkhazia , to the throne of georgia after george 's death . 
originally from haarlem , where her father was a brewer , she followed the anabaptist jan matthijsz. van haarlem to münster . 
the film is based on the life of an elephant named pang dao , whom argo first encountered during the filming of " the urban elephant " for pbs nature and national geographic . 
his description of phyllotaxis and the fibonacci sequence , the mathematical relationships in the spiral growth patterns of plants , is classic . 
on july 17 , a disturbance with a large area of rotation formed south east of the philippines.on july 24 , favorable conditions allow the disturbance to quickly organize so it became a tropical depression the next day . 
in september 2007 , alex zane , presenter of the " xfm breakfast show " broadcast a statement declaring that the band would not be played on his show again . 
the most notable of his works in this latter field was the colón theatre . 
she represents the club il tyrving . 
many of the early publications were translations of famous and contemporary english-language books , such as dracula . 
maría antonieta duque ( born 2 march 1970 ) is a venezuelan tv presenter , comedian and actress . 
ball and his band enjoyed one of the longest unbroken spells of success for trad bands and his status rivals contemporaries acker bilk and chris barber . 
in 1569 , fredrik ii ordered that all foreigners in denmark had to affirm their commitment to 25 articles of faith central to lutheranism on pain of deportation , forfeiture of all property , and death . 
iglesiarrubia is a municipality located in the province of burgos , castile and león , spain . 
he left school at fourteen to work in his fathers wholesale business . 
ichchhadhaari shakti and its origin 
as of the 2011-12 school year , the district 's one school had an enrollment of 487 students and 37.0 classroom teachers ( on an fte basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.16:1 . 
the park has a number of features , but consists mainly of green space crossed by paths . 
troops of airmobile operations division also render assistance to civilian authorities during disaster relief operations . 
the aircraft crashed in international waters , so the egyptian government had the right to initiate its own search and rescue and investigation . 
he is well known in military circles , himself a veteran of world war i and world war ii , and throughout the criminal underworld , where he often hires himself out as a special enforcer or mentor . 
from the ages of 6 to 12 , he visited the dayschool in amstelveen . 
dcs : a-10c warthog provides a realistic pc simulation of a modern fixed wing combat aircraft in regards to flight dynamics , avionics , sensors , and weapon systems . 
the dennis family of gloucester by inheritance briefly became the main private landlords of the city , but most of their properties , situated on the outskirts , were destroyed during the civil war siege . 
jardins ethnobotaniques de la gardie 
dave macrae ( born 2 april 1940 , auckland , new zealand ) is a keyboardist from new zealand , noted for his contributions in jazz and his collaborations with people from the canterbury scene . 
he scored his first goal for the club against the los angeles galaxy on 1 may 2011 . 
attitude , rate , and acceleration sensors are calibrated and flown in these systems . 
sfh began as a population services international ( psi ) affiliate with one hiv grant and reproductive health products for distribution in nigeria . 
warren covered the chickenpox theory at endnote 3 of " smallpox at sydney cove - who , when , why ? " . 
intel and motorola had filed appeals , claiming they were not given time to prepare proposals . 
he was appointed cardinal-deacon of " s. maria liberatrice a monte testaccio " in the consistory of 24 november 2007 . 
" blended cements " and masonry cements may include large additions ( up to 40 % ) of natural pozzolans , fly ash , limestone , silica fume or metakaolin . 
in the summer of 2013 the club was withdrawn from the liga ii by its owners and dissolved . 
he issued two proclamations on june 17 . 
the " one piece " video games series was published by bandai and banpresto , later as part of namco bandai games , and is based on eiichiro oda 's shonen manga and anime series of the same name . 
he was a part of three grey cup championship teams with the eskimos . 
the harbour of the power plant is with a depth of the deepest of denmark . 
originally built for the auspitz family in the 1872 , later the lieben family also lived there . 
he was also known to a short temper , drink often and beat his subordinates harshly . 
there ’s definitely some big surprises on it " . 
the power plant receives water from the eksingedalen and teigdalen valleys . 
about 21.9 % of families and 25.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 30.5 % of those under age 18 and 26.3 % of those age 65 or over . 
the retractable-roofed enron field ( now known as minute maid park ) opened for the 2000 season in downtown houston . 
ricardo maría carles gordó ( 24 september 1926 – 17 december 2013 ) was a cardinal priest and archbishop emeritus of barcelona in the catholic church . 
also called cultural transmission . 
in 1941 sam and paul heller acquired and modernised the pacific pine co. ltd. sawmill . 
the west portal of the tunnel was built directly under the original classroom building of the rhode island school of design , which was built in the mid-1890s and required extensive and complicated construction methods to support the building above as the tunnel was bored . 
in 1914 , hé shuheng made the acquaintance of mao zedong and became the best of friends in changsha , hunan . 
all indians were required to carry identification and registration cards at all times . 
phase i : units for returning tenants . 
exploiting the media 's presumption of a rivalry between the two young singers , " the boy is mine " became the best-selling song of the year in the us , spending 13 weeks on top of the us " billboard " hot 100 during the summer of 1998 . 
in 2013 us singer-songwriter anaïs mitchell and jefferson hamer released " child ballads " comprising seven songs from the francis james child collection . 
on june 30 , 1981 , scanlan retired but continued to be active as bishop emeritus . 
in this phase of the procedure the animal is only allowed access to one compartment of the apparatus . 
galumphing processionals more notable for their robotic persistence than for their musical invention . " 
ganj golai is a construction located in the heart of latur city , india . 
schneider max , architekt wilhelm brodtbeck-buess , 1873 bis 1957 , in : baselbieter heimatblätter 1978 , heft 2 , 304 
he caused the communist authorities further irritation after sending numerous protest letters to the communist party organ " scînteia " and to the magazine " săptămâna " , denouncing the leadership for using or condoning opportunism , demagogy , and antisemitism . 
there is a series of fourteen the 7th century rock-cut buddhist caves with monasteries and stupas , cut in a hill called chandanagiri . 
velthuizen received his first call-up to the dutch squad on 21 march 2008 for the friendly match against austria . 
it retained many of the features of the z06 including a wide body with 18x9.5 and 19x12 inch wheels , dry sump oiling ( manual transmission only ) , 6-piston 14 " front brakes and 4-piston rear , improved suspension , and front carbon fiber fenders . 
shimon peres , sensing the opportunity on the nuclear reactor , accepted . 
as a result of the massive explosion , 168 people were killed , including 19 children , and over 800 others were injured . 
conclusions : pap testing was most frequent among african american women . 
in enzymology , a quinate o-hydroxycinnamoyltransferase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction 
the mascot is a trojan . 
redesignated 1 october 1953 as 63rd antiaircraft artillery battalion . 
he later claimed to have been misrepresented , and his manager described the " nme " article as " character assassination " . 
however , if two clubs are tied at the first place , both clubs will be declared as the champions . 
for example , a data center located in alaska cannot be effectively compared to a data center in miami . 
however , the club will not have to travel to sydney or south-east queensland for the third and second consecutive season , respectively , and will not travel to perth until round 22 , as was also the case in 2014 . 
the lz 127 was completed and launched in september 1928 . 
at least one coup ( " rumours of death " ) almost topples her . 
prime minister mohamed ghannouchi 's government asked saudi arabia to extradite ben ali saying that " following a new batch of charges against the ousted president regarding his involvement in several serious crimes aimed at perpetrating and inciting voluntary homicide and sowing discord between the citizens of the same country by pushing them to kill one another . " 
her parents both played soccer and basketball at the university level . 
in all bacteria that have been studied , enzymes have been shown to catalyze more than one of the above reactions . 
the moody trackway is now on display at the amherst college beneski museum of natural history , along with hitchcock 's substantial collection of other specimens . 
when gross left kgmc to take a job in san diego , california , he requested that alan berg be named his successor . 
barber is the editor of " essays on performance and cultural politicization " and of " conceptual art : the nscad connection 1967-1973 " . 
these dvds feature a spoken-word introduction by steve smith ( out of character , as evidenced by his higher-pitched voice ) . 
kharis will sense this and find the leaves wherever they are . 
the aikens ' family travelled around france where he was exposed to fine regional cuisine . 
the d division , unlike in the past , was held in a separate tournament in 2010 . 
<br> * sant baba nikku ram gaushala committee daraj tapa barnala 
<br>a " festival thanksgiving " service brought the festival to a close on the final sunday . 
in the 2010-11 and 2011-12 seasons of turkish women 's basketball league , galatasaray women 's basketball team was sponsored . 
in , 2010 kc released her second studio album entitled kc , kc ranked number 3 based on opm charts , in astrovision stores the album kc reached number 1 . 
the juveniles have dark coloured bodies covered in large yellow spots . 
the median age was 32 years . 
the federal people 's republic of yugoslavia was also considered part of the bloc , though a tito-stalin split occurred in 1948 followed by the formation of the non-aligned movement . 
the show stars nat wolff and alex wolff , who encounter conflicts with each other that are later omitted . 
due to a close split in party registration and historical electoral importance , ohio was considered a key battleground state in the 2004 u.s. presidential election . 
" since a muslim inherits his/her religion from his/her parents , he/she does not need to re-announce his/her faith " . 
alternatively , candidates without an approved law degree may undertake the society 's " diploma in legal studies " before presenting for the society 's degree . 
when handed over by the germans on 21 july , " ub-47 " was in a " worn out condition " . 
examples included branches to st andrews,to leven , and to peebles the peebles line being described in his obituary as " long the pattern for cheap construction " . 
the glumes are chartaceous , lanceolate , and keelless , have acute apexes , with only difference is in size . 
george hearst ( gerald mcraney ) , does not make his appearance on screen until the season two finale after his employee francis wolcott acts on his behalf in attempts to acquire gold claims for him throughout the season . 
in relation with differential geometry ( chern – weil theory ) and the theory of grassmannians , a much more hands-on approach to the theory is possible for cases such as the unitary groups that are of greatest interest . 
the dogs were used for hunting but also as food . 
chromitite typically forms as orthocumulate layered lenses in peridotite rocks , at times intergrown with other oxides such as magnetite and ilmenite , and silicates such as olivine , pyroxene , plagioclase feldspar ( mainly anorthite ) , and garnet crystals . 
" p"("a " &raspsquo; ) is equal to the product of these individual probabilities : 
the iers was established in its present form in 1987 by the international astronomical union and the international union of geodesy and geophysics , replacing the earlier international polar motion service ( ipms ) and the earth-rotation section of the bureau international de l'heure ( bih ) . 
it was named banning after the president of the railroad , whose tracks allowed the stones to be shipped to st. paul , duluth , and beyond . 
initially villazon , with its large stock of available havana tobacco , was able to license the name flor de palacio from its owner , fernando palacio , who only later relented by selling the hoyo de monterrey , belinda , and punch brands to villazon . 
after france 's territory was ceded to spain in 1763 , joseph became one of the victims of spanish governor alejandro o'reilly , who was sent by king carlos iii to put down a revolt . 
from 1926 to 1950 , he served as superior general of the congregation of the holy ghost . 
molina started all 18 games and played every inning in that 2011 playoff run , including one at first . 
he is being challenged by republican nominee state representative jackie walorski . 
after 1154 , the king of england was also duke of aquitaine ( or guienne ) , together with poitou , gascony , and other southern french fiefs dependent upon aquitaine . 
it produces a line of steel products , including slabs , which are semi-finished products used for processing hot-rolled , cold-rolled , or coated coils and sheet products ; hot-rolled products comprising heavy-gauge hot-rolled coils and sheets , and light-gauge hot-rolled coils and sheets ; cold-rolled products , including cold-rolled coils and sheets ; and galvanized products consisting of flat-rolled steel coated with zinc or a zinc-based alloy . 
the tokyo metropolitan sewerage bureau assisted in designing the plant and helped build the skills and capacity to operate and maintain it . 
he lost the raaf 's sole bristol scout in another accident less than a year later . 
this led her on to an interest in pythagorean mathematics and its relationship with music . 
( 1,0,1,1 ) gets encoded as ( 1,0,1,1,0,1,0 ) . 
the committee consisted of the painters eugène delacroix , albert-ernest carrier-belleuse , puvis de chavannes and among the exhibitors were léon bonnat , jean-baptiste carpeaux , charles-françois daubigny , gustave doré , and Édouard manet . 
it is based on the cthulhu mythos stories of the horror author h. p. lovecraft , as well as on chaosium 's own " call of cthulhu " role-playing game . 
this gave person his first extensive european touring and recording opportunities . 
on january 15 , 1979 , near the end of his term , blanton issued pardons to 52 state prisoners , including 20 convicted murderers . 
since 264 bc , when they had declared war on carthage , there had not been much serious fighting between the two except for a small fight in the straits of messana . 
he is known to have married , assumed to be around this time , a woman called mary and had a son edward , both listed in the 1881 census . 
in the last fifty years of the 20th century a domestic telephone desk would usually be placed next to a phone located in an entryway or a small lobby . 
milpitas high school co-existed with samuel ayer high school from 1969 , until the latter closed its doors in 1980 , leaving milpitas high school to be the sole remaining high school . 
he again served in the government as minister of health from 2011 to 2013 . 
sharper resonances occur at lower energies,where the oscillating term in the denominator controls the behaviour of formula_2 . 
thus a programme can readily include both 2d and 3d segments with only the lens needing to be changed between them . 
it is one of the twin beaches of the city . 
men are traditionally garbed in their best piña " barongs " and the women are dressed in colourful " ternos " and bedecked in jewellery . 
carmella later admits to stealing the money and sienna is rehired . 
rootless cones can also be formed in lava when it flows over wet sediments . 
during this period he met nancy thayer , e.e. cummings 's daughter , who was married to kevin's friend willard roosevelt at the time . 
eric left behind two sons , brian and matt martin . 
other than routine baiting of foxes in some reserves , there is little done to manage threats . 
it has also seen japanese releases as , , and . 
real had a one-on-one with pocahontas , wanting more time with her . 
when she married director reginald barker at age 31 , she retired from acting . 
in 1926 , he acquired the original temple emanu-el ( at 5th avenue and 43rd street ) from benjamin winter , sr. in 1927 , he formed the durst organization . 
as the mozarts began to be noticed by the viennese aristocracy , they were often required to give several performances during a single day . 
bouvert relinquished command of " entreprenant " in late january 1810 , was formally promoted to commander on 1 february , and appointed to the frigate " minerve " , after her capture on 22 november . 
when carenne was first established it was known as glenray school and housed in a disused stable at the rear of the uniting church in bathurst . 
it was operated as an inn and tavern . 
economic of this area is based on agriculture and trading agricultural products . 
according to oral traditions , the first melanesian settlers landed at vuda point and established viseisei , believed to be fiji 's oldest settlement , although archeologists refute this claim . 
india is home to several influential muslim businessmen . 
however , the final track listing and artwork replaced these songs with tracks by loveland and opus iii , neither of which were produced by waterman , nor were stock aitken waterman productions . 
institute of management technology , hyderabad , 
" survivor " is also her second single release in sweden after her seven years absence from the swedish industry , following the first single of the album " save me ( this is an sos ) " and preceding the third single of the album " do n't hold back on love " . 
although he did not win , lambe scored third place with 5282 points . 
many were based on novels or other works of literature . 
by 1867 it had expanded to a row of shops containing 17 separate departments . 
edeta was built on a hilltop known as sant miquel – which overlooks the modern city . 
venezuela is cuba 's primary source of oil . 
most of the episodes feature two different stories that each take up the first and second halves . 
one-pocket is similar to the game of straight pool in that both games allow players to score points for pocketing balls , each legally pocketed ball earns the shooter another shot , and any object ball is a ball to shoot at ( a ) . 
in this match he scored 66 runs . 
they also wrote up the story of half-tail the leopard from 1988 to the time of her death in 1999 . 
the text of the speech has been published since at least 1970 . 
he won the annual guardian children 's fiction prize for " the guardians " . 
what little strategic value albania offered the soviet union , however , gradually shrank as nuclear arms technology developed . 
leota also says that the beacon is used to destroy the evil for good . 
the abbey was founded in 1148 by a knight , stephan of mörlheim , and settled by twelve cistercian monks from villers-bettnach abbey in lorraine ( of the filiation of morimond ) . 
" muscle energy of the ribs " is an osteopathic manipulative medicine technique used to treat dysfunctional ribs . 
the median income for a household in the city was $ 31,250 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,375 . 
he led altrincham to win promotion out of the conference north via the play-offs in 2014 . 
in 1916 , jasper spent the season with the st. louis cardinals . 
in 1981 , gayman incorporated his church under the name " church of israel " . 
the factory maintained the name through a number of owners building boilers , steam engines , mining machinery , sawmills , and some relatively primitive steam locomotives for 19th century california railroads . 
the headquarters of the ottawa tribe of oklahoma is miami , oklahoma , and their tribal jurisdictional area is in ottawa county . 
1474-1540 ) , dedicated to the service of god . 
predominately visiting the united states , the tour supported simpson 's third studio album , " in this skin " . 
it is found in africa , including ghana and gabon . 
it is the members of the labia family of the mid 18th century to whom the palazzo owes its notability today , it was inhabited by two brothers with their wives , children and mother . 
he is author of many books and articles on such subjects as the correspondence theory of truth , russell 's theory of descriptions , time , causation , mill 's " on liberty " , john searle 's view of free will and g.a. cohen 's defence of marx 's theory of history . 
cohen formerly co-hosted world soccer daily with nick geber . 
it was discovered in 1499 by alonso de ojeda . 
" mallard " appears as a character in the later book " thomas and the great railway show " . 
the university of pristina was the starting point of the 1981 kosovo student protests . 
wilker began his career with treviso . 
eventually he grew too old to be at risk of impressment , and so travelled to london in search of his naval pension , which he was unable to obtain . 
when chief commander zhang guoliang and imperial commissioner her chyun died the qing government promoted zeng guofan . 
betty arrives at the apartment , her aunt 's , that the dark-haired woman has entered and assumes she is there with her aunt 's consent . 
this primacy , expressed in canonical literature as " presbeia " ( " prerogatives " , literally : " seniorities " ) , grants to the ecumenical patriarch the right to preside at pan-orthodox synods . 
he was the son of an english shoemaker who emigrated in the early part of the 19th century to philadelphia , pennsylvania before settling in pittsburgh . 
deborah evans price , of " billboard " magazine reviewed the song favorably , saying that the song has a " soaring chorus " and that it " gives her a chance to show off her range , and she delivers the perfect amount of emotional punch during the verses . " 
dart died on july 9 , 1975 . 
" county of bács journal " ) was a hungarian language daily newspaper . 
dane jan mølby became the first and only manager from outside the united kingdom when he took over in april 2002 . 
grönholm finished fourth on the car ’s third event , rally finland , before panizzi finished second on rallye sanremo . 
arquebuses were introduced to japan in 1543 by portuguese traders , who landed by accident on tanegashima , an island south of kyūshū in the region controlled by the shimazu clan . 
he did not have the skill to sail the complex tri-hulled boat at anything near its optimum speed while navigating a good course . 
bill waller ( american football ) 
the infamous pirate , jean lafitte , once delivered stolen slaves and contraband to james bowie and other plantation owners in the area . 
these adult forms sexually reproduce and lay eggs that are released from the host via the bird 's excretory system . 
" ben " is a song written by don black and composed by walter scharf for the 1972 film of the same name ( the sequel to the 1971 killer rat film " willard " ) . 
in locally organised competition , they lost to aston villa in the first round of the birmingham senior cup after two replays . 
on the other hand , the church , since 1797 , was under the secular clergy who were mostly filipinos ( jose , 1997 ; medina , 1992 ) . 
vashti is served by the bellevue independent school district . 
“ the apparent infallibility of globalization collides with the obstinate disobedience of reality . 
the album also received a silver certification ( over 60,000 copies sold ) in the united kingdom . 
thomas ’s uncle , hugh “ with ye brazen hand ” , left aberfield to found the family branch in siddenhall ( sidnall ) in sallop ( shropshire ) . 
the allied departments of the college are the departments of physics , chemistry , mathematics , humanities , and that of placement and training . 
the secretariat and orgburo were responsible for personnel appointments in the whole party , and so were used as a machine by stalin and his allies to promote likeminded individuals . 
in the film she plays a young woman dealing with the effects of war on those around her alongside her friend sally ( jane fonda ) . 
founded in 1974 , schoolkids is one of the longest running music retail stores in the country and at one point had as many as 7 stores throughout the eastern north carolina region ( raleigh ( 2 ) , durham , chapel hill , cary , greenville ) and one in athens , georgia . 
uss " nellie jackson " ( sp-1459 ) was a united states navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918 . 
the main mission of the scwr is generation of low-cost electricity . 
colonel frederick haldimand , in command of the fort in 1773 , wrote that it was in " ruinous condition " . 
on 1 november 1991 the squadron was once again re-designated back to what it was in wwii as the 62nd fighter squadron with the adoption of the objective organization plan by the wing . 
the bridge is the third largest suspension bridge in norway . 
but karnataka felt that this was impractical due to the drought conditions prevailing because of the failed monsoon . 
khunjerab pass , the gateway to china via the karakoram highway , is at 4,934m . 
the casp results are published in special supplement issues of the scientific journal " proteins " , all of which are accessible through the casp website . 
gilbert white recorded his perceptions of the event at selborne , hampshire , england : 
issued four months into the king 's accession , the charter expressly implemented an arrangement designed by henry viii and was confirmed by edward seymour , lord protector . 
in 1975 , secretary of transportation william thaddeus coleman , jr. became the first republican african american appointed to the cabinet . 
she was featured in a four-page spread set in singer island , florida . 
the entire southern portion of the route from hadrut to stepanakert is marked with blue painted blazes . 
http://censusindia.gov.in/populationfinder/population_finder.aspx 
the british government accepted the offer without hesitation and began demolishing the old st andrew 's chapel and the british council hall sited at the foot of fort canning hill along stamford road to make way for the new library . 
however , the meetings were suspended for more than three months due to the great east japan earthquake on march 11 , 2012 . 
the publication staunchly advocated free love and women 's rights , and critiqued " comstockery " -- censorship of sexual information . 
in southeastern ontario and southwestern quebec , where less severe winter blizzards are relatively common , snowfalls of more than in montreal and ottawa were nevertheless far above average and came second only to record amounts set during the deadly eastern canadian blizzard of march 1971 , an exceptionally brutal nor'easter still locally referred to in quebec and parts of new york state as the " storm of the century " . 
in 1998 , when head of hp 's software and services business , the company 's top executives agreed to put themselves through a 360-degree evaluation . 
information contained in a metar . 
saaphyri then walks into the room and myammee says she was in there to see if it thought if she had a chance of staying . 
the day after the show cmll posted a video announcing the december 5th " infierno en el ring " show , which will feature a multi-man steel cage match where the loser would be shaved bald as a result . 
despite this , in the opinion of francis , all people in the church should follow the teachings of the magisterium given by the men who are pope and bishops faithfully and obediently remaining loyal to the catechism . 
the romanesque tower foot is more old-fashioned in style than the body of the main church apparently was , indicating the possibility that it could have belonged to an older structure predating the arrival of the cistercians with their characteristic building style . 
the novelization states that hopper served with dutch in black ops in malaysia . 
gabi wanted to get an abortion , but was caught by sami and rafe before it happened . 
it was also the first of many memorial shows held for former ecw stars followed by the ted petty memorial invitational tournament ( 2002-2008 ) , the chris candido memorial tag team tournament ( 2005 ) , chris candido memorial show ( 2005-2006 ) , chris candido memorial j-cup ( 2005- ) and the pitbull/public enemy tag team memorial cup ( 2006 ) . 
morison joined the university of manchester 's jodrell bank observatory as a research student in 1965 before becoming a staff member in 1970 . 
the racial makeup of the city was 97.25 % white , 0.00 % black , 0.46 % native american , 0.46 % asian , and 1.83 % from two or more races . 
in 2009 a new students council system was put in place . 
adam petty , grandson of richard petty , once won an asa race at i-70 . 
the place name " carrathool " is derived from the local aboriginal word meaning " native companion " . 
sometimes there are landslides and small sized screes . 
in zanzibar , the lowest level courts are the kadhi 's courts for islamic family matters and the primary courts for all other cases . 
local opposition has also questioned placing a " strip mall " next to adelaide 's extensive grape fields . 
the religious guild , believing thara to be the living avatar of the flamebird , took her into their ranks . 
young , funny , with unconventional methods of teaching and an uncanny ability to connect with his students , mr. d. quickly wins the hearts not only of the students but also the teachers , especially the young art teacher , ms. davies . 
these are the only online images at a high enough resolution to read the smallest text . 
although the community of boiceville was submerged , the station site remains above the reservoir level , at a point just west of where the old railroad right of way slips under the waters of the reservoir , and just east of where it diverges from the new line . 
the album ranked within the top 10 on lists by associated press , hitfix , mtv news , and digital spy . 
the song reached number three on the " billboard " hot 100 in december 1984 , and remained on that chart for 26 weeks , well into 1985 . 
a recovery team for the northern and spotted wolffish has almost completed a recovery strategy and plan for both species . 
i ’m ready to really build the connection with my fans . " 
the arnoldi iteration is used to find this vector . 
news of the war had arrived in lisbon too late to affect the 3rd armada ( 1501 ) , but the 4th armada ( under vasco da gama in 1502 ) had been dispatched with more purpose . 
this includes most of the western parts of the region , and a smaller area along the road from norseman to esperance . 
further , then-leading chancellor wei baoheng made an accusation that yang 's commissioning of yan zhuan ( 嚴譔 ) as military governor of zhennan was after yan had submitted a large bribe , and also that yang embezzled funds intended to be used for shipbuilding . 
one of them is " " i " is for " igloo " . 
as of 2006 it has a population of 60,893 . 
trainfest features at least 50 operating layouts from z to g scale , some constructed by hobbyists and some constructed commercially . 
currently the system has more than 2 million participants including thousands of large organizations . 
he is best known today as the founder of the bowes museum . 
the 1966 individual speedway world championship . 
on the tv series , vocalists dorothy collins ( 1950 – 59 ) , russell arms ( 1952 – 57 ) , snooky lanson ( 1950 – 57 ) and gisèle mackenzie ( 1953 – 57 ) were top-billed during the show 's peak years . 
at the time of the initial event , 50 tepco employees remained onsite in the immediate aftermath to work to stabilize the plant and begin cleanup . 
inflorescences bear up to four flowers . 
3521 , from furfo with sullan alphabet , and 3574 , " " litteris antiquissimis " , " but with couraverunt , a form which , as intermediate between " coir- " or " coer- " and " cur- " , cannot be earlier than 100 bc . 
george arbuthnot ( 20 november 1802 , norbiton , surrey - 28 july 1865 ) was a distinguished member of the permanent british civil service . 
the second reason that a plant would have a capacity factor lower than 100 % is that output is curtailed because the electricity is not needed or because the price of electricity is too low to make production economical . 
fairdealing is located on u.s. route 68 , east of benton . 
david l. humphreys ( born kingston , ontario , canada , 1939 ) is a canadian journalist , writer , lobbyist , and consultant . 
in a similar vein , rong rong 's limited-edition hardback is called rong rong 's east village . 
functional type ii systems encode an extra small rna that is complementary to the repeat sequence , known as a trans-activating rna ( tracrrna ) . 
radmilovic scored twice in the final . 
701 unity township , pennsylvania $ 21,116 <br> 
the festival has been established to promote unity among local residents and korean traditional folk culture rooted in sokcho . 
his mother and father leased the land at a rate of 15 schillings a year . 
according to allmusic journalist steve huey , " best known for his 1960 r&b smash , &raspsquo; handy man , &raspsquo; jones sang in a smooth yet soulful falsetto modeled on the likes of clyde mcphatter and sam cooke . " 
at the end of 2012 , the corporation announced that the project for its first mrt line will not exceed rm23 billion , adding that the line is stipulated for completion by july 2017 . 
caterina ran for a second term in office in the 2010 edmonton municipal election this time in a different area , ward 7 . 
in the case of the basque country , from the season 1934/35 was launched called basque cup . 
while the idea of voicing affecting the whole cluster with the release feature conventionally called aspiration penetrating all the way to the end of the sequence is not entirely unthinkable , the alternative – the spread of a phonational state ( but murmur rather than voice ) through the whole sequence – involves one less step and therefore via occam 's razor counts as the better interpretation . 
care and cult attendance to domestic lares could include offerings of spelt wheat and grain-garlands , honey cakes and honeycombs , grapes and first fruits , wine and incense . 
she is a member of the writers union of canada . 
er-lang shen may be a deified version of several semi-mythical folk heroes who help regulate china 's torrential floods , dating variously from the qin , sui and jin dynasties . 
" a. vlaicu i " first flew on june 17 , 1910 . 
trading rules are the same as in basketball and hockey , and trading the rights of players after they have been drafted but before they have signed a contract is not uncommon . 
baix empordà ( , in spanish bajo ampurdán , " lower empordà " ) is a comarca ( county ) in catalonia , spain , one of the two into which empordà was divided in the comarcal division of 1936 . 
we did not know who he was . 
he fought in europe and survived dunkirk , after which his regiment was posted to the middle east 
ignoring back-reaction , the power radiated in each outgoing mode is a sum of separate contributions from the square of each independent time fourier mode of " d " : 
in 1999 , the general services administration ( gsa ) held a competition to design a new courthouse for eugene . 
after world war ii , nomura denied that he knew beforehand of the attack . 
she married actor surya seputra in the early 2000s ; they divorced in 2005 . 
ohala points out that if the lowered larynx were an adaptation for speech , we would expect adult human males to be better adapted in this respect than adult females , whose larynx is considerably less low . 
it was almost two years after the end of the first world war that the railway commissioners decided to press ahead with construction . 
the members of the institute for medicine are actively implementing innovative educational programs aimed at teaching new medical technologies to medical staff . 
another sensation was the defeat of the defending champions fc chornomorets odessa from their city-mates sc odessa in the first round of the competition as well . 
the main sources of madagascar 's imports include france , china , iran , mauritius and hong kong . 
in the cdp the population was spread out with 27.5 % under the age of 18 , 9.0 % from 18 to 24 , 27.3 % from 25 to 44 , 20.7 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.5 % who were 65 years of age or older . 
at the end of the season , porter returned to orient and scored a hat-trick for the o 's in a 5 – 0 demolition of finnish second division side sjk during their pre-season tour of finland . 
on 9 august , a season-long loan with an option to make the move permanent was reportedly being negotiated between the two clubs . 
wmp 9 series and later also supports " auto ratings " which automatically assigns ratings based on the number of times a song is played . 
major restoration works were completed in 2009 with significant repairs to the spires , the building of the moorhouse tower lantern and the new processional doors . 
the reconstruction of the platform canopies were completed in 1960 . 
robert b. post and five other reporters of " the new york times " were granted permission . 
john haynes - strategic planning director 
on february 4 , 2007 the colts beat frazier 's former team , the chicago bears , in super bowl xli . 
as soon as 0.999 ... = 1 caught the students by surprise , the rest of her material " went past their ears " . 
however the idea came to nothing and ruiz guiñazú 's time as foreign minister came to an end in 1943 . 
it only managed to reach #4 on the albums chart in the uk , but it did span 2 other hits during the year - the innocent pop ballad " sometimes " ( #3 ) and the upbeat dance tune " ( you drive me ) crazy " ( #5 ) . 
vásquez grew up in caracas , venezuela , where he lived with his parents , ivis rodriguez and gregorio vásquez , and brother , ingerman sanoya . 
for example , it is claimed that the smooth joins on the munich cup show the fusion of the cage to the main cup , though the cage itself is carved . 
rotten tomatoes gives the film a 50 % rating based on 8 reviews , with an average score of 6/10 . 
the associated press reported that " an air of deepest mystery " surrounded the michigan camp , with expectations that kipke intended to " shoot the works " against ohio state . 
the village of ellsworth was founded in 1881 . 
schweiz nach . 
rijkaard later stated that it was his fault : " that day i was wrong . 
use of geometry and topology plays an important role in string theory . 
in 1962 gerald h. rosen derived the equation that is now known as the oml theory of dust charging . 
the denver museum of natural history ( now known as the denver museum of nature and science ) filmed one of the first documentaries in the cave , titled " lechuguilla cave : the hidden giant " , in 1987 , featuring many of the cavers responsible for the breakthrough and initial survey work . 
lancaut ( ) is a deserted village in gloucestershire , england , located alongside the river wye , around two miles north of chepstow . 
at the time of the 2006 census , milparinka had a population of 55 people . 
treecreepers are small woodland birds , brown above and white below . 
it 's kept hidden in a passageway below skrull island with a magical iron fence guarding it . 
historian bruce b. campbell has called the kkk , " one of the first proto-death squads . " 
at that time there were 37 aircraft based at this airport : 76 % single-engine , 13 % multi-engine , and 11 % jet . 
the film grossed almost $ 47 million in the united states alone , and recovered travolta from the flop " moment by moment " ( 1978 ) , but the film was nowhere near as successful as either " saturday night fever " ( $ 94 million ) or " grease " ( $ 188 million ) . 
as a bahá'í he believes in the authenticity of the major religions including christianity and islam and he sums up his spiritual beliefs by referring to the golden rule ‘ " do unto others as you would like them to do unto you " &rasprsquo; . 
croatian family names have five different origins : 
women , especially those with children growing up and leaving home , may feel that life has passed them by . 
the indians then went on to defeat the boston braves in the 1948 world series . 
it joins with the superior mesenteric vein , to form the hepatic portal vein and follows a course superior to the pancreas , alongside of the similarly named artery , the splenic artery . 
creator john gray grew up in brooklyn , new york , which is not far from grandview-on-hudson , west of the hudson river . 
ma qinghua ( ) ( born december 25 , 1987 in shanghai ) is a chinese racing driver . 
kaufman wrote seven books and thousands of articles that covered wars , revolutions , politics , and the 1960s in america . 
the character was named #18 in " tv guide"'s " greatest sci-fi legends " list in 2004 . 
national guard forces reached the regional hospital in luhansk as fighting for the control of the city continues . 
in order to eliminate disparate treatment between richer and poorer americans , the act would also prohibit private insurers from covering any treatment or procedure already covered by the act . 
until the 1479 peace of olmütz with king vladislaus ii , the lusatian league took part in matthias ' war for the bohemian crown . 
he lived in east 109th street with his brother giosue and sister-in-law assunta . 
they had met in january at a tsunami relief event . 
the vice president is an elected rather than an appointed position , and therefore does not require confirmation by the senate . 
the name " tustanagee thlucco " is actually a war title , " great warrior , " given to the man who led all the warriors of a town . 
older varieties of steel have been improved upon and newer grades introduced . 
after serving in the military during the korean war , toma had a choice of working as stadium groundskeeper for minor league teams in kansas city or denver . 
phlyctaenogastra is a genus of moth in the family arctiidae . 
brian kettle ( born april 22 , 1956 in prescot ) is an english former footballer who played as a left-back . 
the bren ten special forces models are basically short barreled versions of the full sized bren ten . 
in 1921 , dulac reflected on a meeting with d.w. griffith in an article she wrote entitled " chez d.w. griffith . " 
spence 's guns pounded kavieng and cape st. george , new ireland , on the 18th , she then made a sweep of shipping lanes between kavieng and truk . 
it was originally known as drumconner and changed to its present name in 1895 and was located on 35-8-12w . 
this is a professional women 's tennis tournament . 
as mormon historian d. michael quinn has documented , coleman was apparently secretly courting a white mormon woman , contrary to both territorial law and mormon teachings of the time . 
the entire hindu population of teghari village emigrated to kolkata . 
though " brookside " was still broadcast in a pre-watershed slot ( 8.00 p.m. and 8.30 p.m. on weekdays , around 5.00 p.m. for the omnibus on saturdays ) , it was more liberal than other soaps of the time : the dialogue regularly included expletives . 
the aspenbach is a river in baden-württemberg , germany . 
the ensemble seeks to promote a wide variety of traditional repertoires as well as exploring contemporary styles . 
in general , most dialects of fujian are put into a broad min category , then subdivided into min bei , min dong , min zhong , min nan , pu xian , and shao jiang . 
owing to the cleaning of the boiler , the regular engine rope was not in a working state at the moment ; but about 20 fathoms of it , with the chain , were hanging into the shaft . 
marco antonio peyrot solís ( born 6 may 1966 ) is a mexican physician , militar and politician from the national action party . 
there was a change to the fixture 's naming convention between 1866 and 1868 when the river thames became the dividing line and the teams were called north of the thames and south of the thames . 
by embedding the ion channels in supported or tethered bilayer membranes ( t-blm ) attached to a gold electrode , an electrical circuit is created . 
oliver c. wenger , a caucasian , was director of the regional phs venereal disease clinic in hot springs , arkansas . 
according to introvigne , new age anti-mormonism emerged in the 1980s largely as a result of the rise of third-wave pentecostalism and its emphasis on spiritual warfare . 
smell the disgusting sweet taste of dried blood 
the chest is deep , with a broad , muscular breast . 
express dairies announced a joint venture in northern ireland with golden vale plc in november 2000 that created dale farm dairies ltd , although that was sold in october 2001 . 
their jamaican debut came in 1965 when they were introduced to producer duke reid by singer stranger cole , with reid-produced singles such as " do n't leave me " , " when you are wrong " , " and " little did you know " appearing on labels such as island records , and reid 's own " duke " and " treasure isle " labels . 
ambulatory services for outpatient care were established to reduce reliance on infrastructure such as hospital beds , thereby cutting costs for both sgh and its patients . 
his father was exiled to siberia for possible revolutionary activities in 1902 , at which point shahn , his mother , and two younger siblings moved to vilkomir ( ukmergė ) . 
made on a small budget , it did phenomenally well at the box office . 
while there he played 3 seasons on the basketball team as a point guard and 4 seasons on the baseball team as a shortstop . 
on the left , the attacking battalions of the 184th brigade had been in the front line since the morning under german artillery-fire . 
there were 9,053 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile ( 5/km² ) . 
27.0 % of all households were made up of individuals and 14.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . 
foster arranged the music and conducted the bbc philharmonic at this event , which was part of the proms . 
the proximate railway station is sandvika . 
they work on a wider variety of surfaces and can even operate on walls , ceilings or other non-horizontal surfaces . 
he argued for the preservation of nature , including protection of the common eider and eagles , and of the forests of pasvikdalen . 
jane ’s own marriage had been more of less an arrangement from the beginning . 
lorraine have been described as an electronic rock'n roll band . 
division 1 became the new third-level league for the following season . 
there were 114 ( 5.9 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 38 ( 2.0 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships . 
from 1917 to the end of her life , dora gabe was engaged in translation . 
general art treatment ( 2:00-4:00pm fri . ) 
he was a deputy of the connecticut general assembly of the colony of connecticut from norwalk in the sessions of october 1670 , may 1672 , october 1674 , october 1675 , may 1677 , october 1679 , may 1680 , and october 1683 . 
in some of the old buildings ( søndre fasanvej 9 ) , royal copenhagen maintains a factory outlet over two floors . 
jeff jenson of " entertainment weekly " reviewed the episode positively , commenting that although it often seemed to function as a " set-up " episode , it " really worked for " due to the return of sawyer and " clever , trickster storytelling where every line seemed to have double meaning and so many scenes seemed pregnant with possibilities for what 's really going on . " 
the per capita income for the town was $ 20,081 . 
the 1938 national league division two was the inaugural season of british speedway 's national league division two albeit a continuation of the provincial league from the previous season in all but name . 
alexander was ordained by the reform seminary hebrew union college-jewish institute of religion in 1983 , after studying at the conservative movement 's university of judaism in los angeles ; conservative judaism did not ordain women at the time . 
following the election , governor arthur benson appointed six ministers ; john roberts as minister of labour and mines , ae carlisle as minister of lands and natural resources , wg dunlop as minister of transport and works , rodney malcomson as minister of local government , gabriel musumbulwa as minister of african education and edson mwamba as minister of african agriculture . 
the club finished eleventh in the 2011-12 af beja first division . 
the national panhellenic conference ( npc ) is an organization which fosters strong interfraternity relationships , assists collegiate chapters , partners with colleges and universities in maintaining high scholastic and social standards , and provides structure for and ensures continuous growth of the greek system . 
e.g. clipped to the base of a shot line , pegged into the bottom , tied to a fixed object on the bottom or held by another diver . 
the latter won the first battle , but with heavy losses on both sides . 
the role of the deceitful " femme fatale " brigid o'shaughnessy was originally offered to geraldine fitzgerald , but went to mary astor when fitzgerald decided to appear in a stage play . 
in 1992 , he met his future partner and magic assistant , bianca , who was performing as a dancer in a same show he was performing in . 
he does not lash out indiscriminately , however , and usually is only angry when the situation calls for it . 
in 1860 he was a delegate to the republican convention in chicago , and a delegate to the philadelphia loyalists convention in 1866 . 
crook , however , did not pursue , having heard of the heavy losses taken by the army of the potomac in the wilderness north of richmond , as well as the defeat of sigel at the new market . 
following the war , the town 's first newspapers , " the gazette " and " the centinel " , were established . 
he died heart-broken and destitute on november 11 , 1876 , at sheremetiev 's clinic in moscow . 
the cella measures 
the castle is on a mountain and the road up to the summit does not go all the way , so to get to the castle , one must hike up a mountain path . 
he is about to commence writing for a new project – kinfolk . 
geographically , northern europe is usually taken to consist of iceland , the faroe islands , denmark , norway , sweden , finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania and the british isles ( united kingdom , republic of ireland , the channel islands , and the isle of man ) . 
mayor moran declared an 8:00 pm curfew that night and ordered all saloons closed until further notice . 
sen left baaf so soon after her appointment to " pursue exciting opportunities that have emerged recently " . 
and the name of this mountains is “ sierra fernández ” . 
it is endemic to australia . 
international rueda de casino groups . 
in 2011 , she walked the ramp at wills lifestyle india fashion week ( wifw ) , which she describes as her comeback in bollywood . 
the huge opening fanfare of &raspsquo; paradise &raspsquo; is simply gorgeous " but felt the rest of the song did n't hold up as well as it could have . 
his brother , jim fraser , was mp for the adjoining seat of australian capital territory from 1951 to 1970 . 
tanghulu typically has a hardened sugar coating that comes from dipping the skewer in sugar syrup , but versions can also be found with a second chocolate coating , or sesame sprinkles . 
notable wins included a first round shutout of the 2003 premiers penrith 18-0 ( indeed , penrith went on to win the wooden spoon ) , a round nine win over the struggling premiers brisbane at home which pitted nsw hopeful greg bird against queensland captain darren lockyer , a golden point win over the parramatta eels at parramatta , the venue of their infamous 74-4 loss just four years earlier and finally a 32-12 win over the canberra raiders in canberra . 
iso 80000-8:2007 is an iso standard entitled " quantities and units – part 8 : acoustics " , which supersedes iso 31-7 . 
a novice who does n't know a proficiency bonus from a ping-pong ball will come away with a clear understanding of the rose knights ' commitment to justice and how it relates to the legacy of huma dragonbane . " 
it was notable as the base for contemporary indigenous australian artists of the eastern kimberley region , including paddy bedford and freddie timms . 
the trade proved to be a good one for the tigers but a terrible , unpopular one for the indians , whose fans lost their favorite player and best hitter . 
advanced telecommunications computing architecture ( atca or advancedtca ) is the largest specification effort in the history of the pci industrial computer manufacturers group ( picmg ) , with more than 100 companies participating . 
conversion funnel is a technical term used in e-commerce operations to describe the track a consumer takes through an internet advertising or search system , navigating an e-commerce website and finally converting to a sale . 
catalogue # : pccg-00462 ( pony canyon ) 
although nominated for the u.s. triple crown series , trainer del carroll chose not to run bee bee bee in the kentucky derby . 
1 july ( 14 july , new style ) 1900 was organized the moscow higher women courses ( mhwc ) . 
at one time , one of the twin towers on roof of the advertiser building had the kgu call letters in four foot neon lights . 
bone tumors are composed of a conglomeration of cell types including cancer and immune system cells . 
the first of the turkic states in the region was the persianate ghaznavid empire , established in the last years of the tenth century . 
he was the founder , director and conductor of the saxophone orchestra of piraeus prefecture . 
in june 1943 , during the second world war , as a precursor to the allied invasion of sicily , the island was secured without resistance in operation corkscrew by the royal navy destroyer hms " lookout " and ninety-five men of the 2nd battalion the coldstream guards . 
“ class and culture in boston : the athenæum , 1807 – 1860 ” . 
pease had a fuel tank installed in the bomb bay , with a handpump rigged to transfer fuel , and in less than three hours , was en route to port moresby with his crew , all of whom had also volunteered for the mission . 
to grow fast when small is an adaptation of most predatory fish , e.g. , sharks , so as not to be small for very long . 
most of the population ( ) speaks french ( 377 or 91.7 % ) , with german being second most common ( 18 or 4.4 % ) and english being third ( 6 or 1.5 % ) . 
! style="text-align:right ; " | 28,104 
largely dropping his own writing , he developed an anthology called " the great quotations " and received rejections from 20 publishers . 
godeffroy ( 7 july 1813 , kiel - 9 february 1885 , blankenese ) was a german trader and hanseat . 
the sarsen circle and trilithons were erected at stonehenge . 
at seasons end gragnani did not play in enough games to earn unrestricted free agent status and would remain a restricted free agent if he was tendered a qualifying offer . 
most kurds reside in the northeastern corner of syria and most speak the kurmanji variant of the kurdish language . 
he was raised on a farm with his parents , greta and michael . 
that implementation did not include the ability to derive a word clock synchronization between the da-88 and another tdif-1 device , so a bnc word clock connection was required as well.(cite : da-88 users manual ) later tascam products included the ability to sync to the tdif-1 connection , although that still excluded the da-88. ( cite:da-38 users manual ) . 
the capacitive line charging current produces a voltage drop across the line inductance that is in-phase with the sending end voltages considering the line resistance as negligible . 
the bbc also gives the film three stars but warns , " " jovy is so keen on giving us a snapshot of club culture ( which comes across as startlingly real ) that he lets go of his well-wounded plot and so the mid-section becomes a long flat stretch , punctured only by a few entertaining bits and bobs . " " 
according to a report by the pennsylvania department of education , 100 % of it teachers were rated " highly qualified " under no child left behind . 
the stairway terminates at the tenth floor . 
for the next eight months p 's were generally restricted to peak hours operation , being withdrawn when the bondi and bronte lines were converted to buses in february 1960 . 
krlc ( 1350 am ) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format . 
officer prisoners inside colditz castle requested and received a complete floor plan of the castle . 
original structure ( 1910 – 1963 ) . 
he joined the editorial board of the " jewish encyclopedia " as chief of the russian department in december 1900 . 
approximately 80 percent of the known coal deposits were in the north and northwest , but most of the mines were located in heilongjiang and east china because of their proximity to the regions of highest demand . 
he also designed programme titles for television shows on the french tv channel antenne 2 in 1982 . 
the brand rating is calculated using brand finance 's ßrandßeta® analysis which benchmarks the strength , risk and potential of a brand , relative to its competitors , on a scale ranging from aaa to d. it is conceptually similar to a credit rating . 
there were 908 households of which 38.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.4 % were married couples living together , 11.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 5.8 % had a male householder with no wife present , and 30.7 % were non-families . 
the d&s named coach 312 the silverton . 
the authors of the young generation did not have much to publish , and the only literary periodicals were in the hands of old and conservative writers ( jakub malý , " lumír " of ferdinand břetislav mikovec ) . 
on february 14 , hardaway earned his second big ten conference freshman of the week recognition for his first career double-double on february 9 against northwestern ( 17 points and career-high 10 rebounds ) and a career-high 26 points on february 12 against indiana . 
director prasanna vithanage commented in 2007 : 
downside of their investment and at the same time receive higher interest rates to compensate them for their risk . 
the engine under the hood for most markets in southeast asia will be carried over from the outgoing model . 
on street car parking was being reviewed , and the frequency of buses on princes street was reduced significantly . 
it has been suggested that this north wing may incorporate part of an earlier house . 
the long-term incumbent , jam downs , a democrat , retired . 
he grew up in a religious family and wears #3 as a sign of the holy trinity . 
it is also supported by visitors to olympic national park . 
initially it was used for lomé convention and european investment bank operations before being gradually introduced into other sectors of community activity . 
she retired to a lonely retreat near palestrina where she passed her time in practices of piety and penance . 
following the joke , leno called gaspin , asking , " why the fuck am i giving up a half hour for this guy ? " 
however , in an ign interview , producer dan brady stated that " the slugfest design team made a lot of choices that really made it difficult for a fan of baseball to take the game seriously . 
for the next three months , the tug conducted towing and salvage operations , first along the u.s. west coast and then , from early in september , out of pearl harbor . 
the song had initially entered the uk rock chart during the release of " love , lust , faith and dreams " for one week , but later re-entered after its single release , peaking at number 21 . 
named the mumbai gladiators , the team 's first season will be played in pune in late 2012 , and it will be mumbai 's first professional american football franchise . 
its cornice roof resembles that of its neighbor , west 's block , at 701 – 07 s.e. grand ave. , also on the national register . 
in 2004 the 17th place at which tienen finished the championship caused it to be relegated to the third division . 
a news report later shows dick and jane delivering pension fund checks to former globodyne employees ( including the now-imprisoned oz and debbie ) , while reporting that mccallister 's net worth has been reduced to just over $ 2,000 . 
through the 1990s and 2000s rew completed a project to walk or cycle the coast of england and wales and another to walk or cycle all the navigable waterways . 
dorothy is overjoyed to see her family and friends , whom she appreciates more than ever . 
el salvador at the 2000 summer olympics 
the population was 448 at the 2010 census . 
he completed a ba in journalism at dublin institute of technology , aungier street . 
alan peter slough ( born 24 september 1947 ) is an english-born former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the football league from the 1960s to 1980s , notably with luton town . 
notable player accomplishments . 
a type of stud welding called capacitor-discharge ( cd ) stud welding differs from regular stud welding in that capacitor-discharge welding does not require flux . 
lhu 's institute for international studies offers study abroad programs for its students . 
the ym3012 , aka dac-ms , is a floating point digital-to-analog converter chip developed by yamaha . 
formally titled bridges and tunnels of allegheny county and pittsburgh , pa , pghbridges.com has information on many of the structures of the area . 
" chikhura sachkhere won 4 – 1 on aggregate . " 
gibson also won a gold glove this year , as did shortstop dal maxvill and outfielder curt flood . 
therefore , the proximate functions of a pecking order are to reduce the costs of time , energy and risk of injury incurred during resource acquisition and defence . 
installed nereus tidal turbines dispatch power directly to national grid [ http://www.atlantisresourcescorporation.com/projects/san-remo.html ] . 
the museum closed in july 2010.the last day of operation was sunday , july 11 . 
the landscapes of earth during the quaternary period were filmed in gran canaria and fuerteventura ( canary islands ) . 
he participated in 13 world championship grands prix , debuting on 19 june 1960 . 
he paddled up the st. marys river and portaged into lake superior . 
francis " frank " field ( 23 december 1904 – 4 june 1985 ) was an australian politician . 
both jeri and jack agreed to make their divorce , but not custody , records public , saying their release could be harmful to their son . 
other activities of economic importance are dairy produce , flax ( 60 % of production in france ) , horse breeding ( including two french national stud farms ) , fishing , seafood , and tourism . 
after his apprenticeship he worked as a journeyman . 
steve " big man " clayton , ( born 1 september 1962 ) is a british barrelhouse pianist . 
after finishing unplaced on his seasonal debut he won the bass apprentices handicap over five furlongs at haydock park . 
however , in the book there are some differences from the tv series . 
the vessel was owned by m/s . 
although not show on the scheme , it is presumed that the precursor is made by the michael addition of ethyl methacrylate with dimethylamine . 
her drinking disgusted him , and he often mocked her for being short and corpulent , which made it difficult for her to catch him to discipline him . 
as of 2012 , the economy relies mostly on small businesses and manufacturing . 
volacom worked closely with burt rutan at scaled composites to design a specialized high-altitude aircraft platform using a novel hydrogen-powered electric power plant . 
the inrev guidelines provide fund managers and institutional investors with an integrated set of principles , guidelines and recommendations ( including tools and examples ) for governance and information provision in relation to non-listed real estate vehicles . 
mu sigma upsilon is unique in the fact that every two years the national organization selects a new national philanthropy as a way to dedicate themselves to aiding a single charitable organization while foreseeing to assist many more organizations in the future . 
this was important because the peninsulares owned a significant part of the valuable real estate and many of the businesses in mexico . 
it was given to the municipality on april 14 , 1491 . 
on 11 september 1731 , catherine cadiére was sentenced to death . 
he had been an integral part of the military forces during his north american career and also a very successful trader and explorer . 
happy to be surrounded by family again , maverick expanded her own family in april 1841 with the birth of her daughter agatha . 
in a time when education was merely for the wealthy , and most europeans considered baths to be unhealthy , sarayliyas ( sa-ray-lee-yas , residents of sarajevo ) were among the cleanest and most culturally advanced commoners on the continent . 
household work strategies may vary over the life-cycle , as household members age , or with the economic environment ; they may be imposed by one person or be decided collectively . 
the population density per square miles is 2,499 , just below the citywide average of 2,610 people per square mile . 
on either side are portraits of sir walter raleigh and joseph butler . 
examples include thrombin , trypsin , and human neutrophil elastase . 
the players remove extra cards not used in play : 
( in 1832 – 34 , william a. f. browne had published a paper in the " phrenological journal " on language centres in the brain and in his later writings there is a reiterated emphasis on the relationships of brain injury , psychosis and language ) . 
and bram fischer the main defence lawyer added " neither we , nor our clients are unaware of the provisions of the criminal code " , in this way subtly pointing out the fact that mandela was himself a lawyer with experience in criminal trials . 
a music video was released for the song , featuring a fluorescent octopus going out clubbing . 
most probably the practice of masking is much older – the earliest known anthropomorphic artwork is circa 30,000 – 40,000 years old – but insofar as it involved the use of war-paint , leather , vegetative material or wooden masks , the masks probably have not been preserved ( they are visible only in paleolithic cave drawings , of which dozens have been preserved ) . 
irwin would be the bassist on two more albums by scofield , " hand jive " ( 1994 ) and " groove elation " ( 1995 ) . 
his wife , by whom he had several children , died 1 may 1816 . 
he was able to work personally with many composers on their works , e.g. frances burt , isang yun , marcel mihalovici , stephen burton , luigi dallopicola , nicolas nabakov , hans werner henze and carl orff . 
in the late 1980s , the network southeast division of british rail , which operated the railway network in south east england , started to develop a new standard train , known as the " networker " . 
in order to save money , many schools in the state of maine are forced to combine with other districts . 
southern politicians of the day motivated conflict between the poor white and african americans as a form of political opportunism . 
he lobbied successfully in 1994 for the amendment of a utah legislature bill which would have required dna profiling of individuals convicted of violating certain state laws including the state sodomy law . 
kaufman ( 2007 ) placed it in his wayana branch . 
when arisa was revealing whom the members of the jury had voted for , she announced that topaz had cast her vote for jillian to win . 
in 1984 , he began the biggest challenge of his political and professional life , the prosecution in the ordinary courts of former dictator gen . 
villamassargia borders the following municipalities : domusnovas , iglesias , musei , narcao , siliqua . 
the park also has a marina and a public golf course . 
mahidhar shastri laughed in derision when he saw the young shastri yagnapurushdas rising up to confront him . 
his first ambassadorial appointment came in 1990 , when he appointed as ambassador of the soviet union to hungary . 
the upper portion of this wall was concrete . 
more than 1500 jobless persons get new professions every year due it . 
in that case , tomlin j held that a provision in the order which required one party to refrain from running a business in competition with the other party could not be enforced unless and until the court made an order for specific performance or for an injunction . 
he represented england several times in the world table tennis championships . 
following a successful warship week national savings campaign in march 1942 she was adopted by the civil community of thorne , near doncaster in the west riding of yorkshire . 
" ok oklahoma " is another school song that is played after an extra point and when the sooner schooner rolls onto the field . 
the school is considered part of the school of mind , established by lu jiuyuan . 
in reality , the efforts and activities of the 342 fdw were directed to reach operational capabilities by overcoming the problems and obstacles inherent in the activation of a new fighter wing on a base sill largely under construction . 
this was reported to the authorities and he was arrested immediately on his release from winchester prison and sentenced to a further six months . 
in 1956 gray joined gerry anderson 's ap films and scored its first marionette puppet television series , " the adventures of twizzle " . 
it contains some of the functionality of the more advanced programs , packaged in an easy-to-use format . 
nonetheless , he suggested that they could produce a handful , since they were afraid of alienating timberlake 's urban fan base . 
in 2008 workingman collective in partnership with the shenandoah and potomac garden railway club exhibited " synchrony " at the delaplaine visual art center , frederick , maryland . 
if the creation is false , then you can also regard the nirvikalpa samadhi of jiva and his return therefrom as seeming appearances . 
in 1892-93 the palace was renovated by the russian authorities ; in line with the ongoing russification of warsaw , architect mikhail pokrovsky transformed the palace into a russo-byzantine style building . 
the cathedral shrine and parish of the good shepherd 
an arsenical keratosis is a growth of keratin on the skin caused by arsenic , which occurs naturally in the earth 's crust and is widely distributed in the environment , arsenical compounds are used in industrial , agricultural , and medicinal substances . 
fc nafkom brovary was a ukrainian professional team from brovary in kiev oblast . 
in 1974 and 1976 , pereira was named a first team all american . 
the publication of his series of diaries caused some concern among warren 's friends and colleagues : as the title implies , the diaries are quite frank . 
in 2001 a.c. grayling described scruton as a " wonderful teacher of philosophy . 
the " express-werken " , established in neumarkt in 1884 , were continental europe 's first bicycle factory . 
there is some overlap with the mandates of other statutory boards under the umbrella of the ministry of trade , such as the economic development board , spring singapore and the agency for science , technology and research ( a*star ) . 
much of the blood in the film also has a striking glow to it . 
it begins : " the sun has set ... my soul has set / in the depth of its sorrow as great as the sea ... " 
fustin and co-workers identified methylation of internal adenosines ( m6a ) within mrna ( notably of clock transcripts themselves ) as a key regulator of the circadian period . 
the latter were a locally-enlisted force that took care of most of the " guard and police " duties on the island . 
we do not care a damn if you want to describe yourself as a patriot , revisionist , nationalist , fascist , corporate elite , creator , or , of course , national socialist ... as long as you are racially conscious . 
he had appealed to the court to exempt him from appearing personally , stating that he was ill with an infection ; however , his request was rejected . 
it is located in close proximity to the sierra de san pedro , in the loriana meadow , in what is now the vidrio estate . 
at the 2009 world cup final , she won the bronze medal in all-around , a silver medal for rope , and bronze medals for hoop , ball and ribbon in the finals . 
the current state auditor is charlie daniels , who took office in 2011 . 
the serbian diplomatic mission whose arrival in constantinople in 992 was recorded in a charter of the great lavra monastery written in 993 , was most likely sent from duklja . 
this quake was the second in a series of two major earthquakes to hit new britain on july 18 , the first one measuring magnitude 6.9 . 
the colonials lost , 28 – 6 , but that same year they beat iowa , 21 – 6 , and tied oklahoma , 7 – 7 . 
town of crawford police charged him with a misdemeanor after confiscating the gun , a bayonet and ammunition from the vehicle . 
mutya datul participated in and eventually placed in the top 10 at mutya ng pilipinas 2012 . 
with the advent of faster diesel engines , two lines were needed and straighter track . 
the area was home to prison reformer elizabeth fry , who lived in plashet house from 1890-1829 , and also her daughter katherine who lived in plashet cottage . 
entertainment news http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu3a9vi1aj0 
william white ( 1825-1900 ) , fsa , with yellow brick from the nearby marland clay works . 
basim presented denmark in the eurovision song contest 2014 on home ground in copenhagen , denmark with the song " cliche love song " . 
he is best known for his radio programs that feature new wave and popular music from the 1980s . 
all races were forecasted as safe for the incumbent party . 
wiwulski , astonished by the possibility to build gigantic buildings of the newly rediscovered material prepared a project of a giant church with a stylised gigantic sculpture of the creator sitting on the dome . 
<br> : aurore was initially nominated but won immunity . 
it appears as if kimi 's father was leaving and her uncle was taking his place as jitō . 
alan roach is an american sports announcer and radio personality . 
the average household size was 2.10 and the average family size was 2.80 . 
spinka rebbes can be found in williamsburg , boro park , flatbush , kiryas joel , queens , monsey , bnei brak , antwerp , london , throughout israel , and europe . 
recordable cds are an alternative to tape for recording music and copying music albums without defects introduced in compression used in other digital recording methods . 
vhpuk has been vocal advocates of the pro-life movement , and stands against abortion . 
banks appointed caley as a botanical collector in new south wales in 1798 . 
" drèentse schrieverij " concurs , " hans heyting 's work , especially his poetry , has great authority . 
boron minerals and refined products include : 
( in 1974 , national union electric was purchased by ab electrolux of sweden . ) 
according to the united states census bureau , the ccd has a total area of 155.6 square miles ( 830.8 km² ) all land . 
the northern side of the bay is defined by ontario 's mainland , while the southern side follows the shore of the prince edward county headland . 
most finnish recordings have been collected in the finnish national sound archive . 
despite this regulation existing as a legislative capacity , the ability to enforce these laws varies according to the differing interpretations that exist amongst the local governmental authorities in china . 
karl wallenda crossed the tallulah gorge in georgia on a high wire on july 18 , 1970 . 
tanja becomes a powerful businesswoman as she and sebastian become part of lahnstein enterprises . 
hagstrom maps are still produced by the kappa publishing group , which acquired hagstrom from the langenscheidt publishing group in 2010 . 
the 4th squadron , leading , covered the first , reaching kh fusail and then tel es ed dhiab , with no opposition . 
a levee failure was responsible for major flooding in lower 9th ward . 
its art collection has been valued at $ 8.1 billion , according to a 2014 appraisal . 
elif yıldırım qualified as the youngest of her country 's national athletics team for participation in the 4x400 m relay event at the 2012 summer olympics . 
prowl was badly damaged by one of shrapnel 's grenades during the battle . 
★ raquel castro - " jersey girl " - miramax 
these psychiatrists said that gigante was neither competent to stand trial nor to be sentenced . 
the shelling ceased about 9:30 pm.(3,6 ) 
i think it 's time to go our separate ways ' . 
it has been released several times on dvd . 
mrs. talcott 's sister testified as to the hold moore held over her sister:"mrs . 
in 1953 he was with the ralph marterie orchestra , which scored a hit with a cover version of haley 's " crazy man , crazy " , though according to haley ( in on-stage discussion recorded for the 1969 album , " bill haley 's scrapbook " ) , the young horn player had a dislike for rock and roll musicians . 
james o’quinn reese , known as jim reese ( born december 14 , 1929 ) , is a businessman who served from 1968 to 1974 as the mayor of odessa , texas . 
during world war ii the factory and the training area in dęba were used by the germans . 
that same year , amadou & mariam contributed the song " tambara " to the enough project and downtown records ' raise hope for congo compilation . 
3rd – penleigh and essendon grammar school hotel rwanda 
on november 7 , 2014 , a federal court ruling striking down missouri 's same-sex marriage ban stayed its order directing jackson county to issue licenses to same-sex couples . 
american lesion is a solo album by greg graffin , the lead singer of the punk band , bad religion . 
he also appeared in the film " scott joplin " in 1977 . 
factors influencing running economy . 
he benefited from instruction by all the luminaries of the day resident there . 
in independent lithuania between 1990 and 2001 the number of polish mother tongue children attending schools with polish as the language of instruction doubled to over 22,300 , then gradually decreased to 18,392 in 2005 . 
the british government awarded her the mbe and the zambian government awarded her the grand officer of distinguished service . 
the danish army dispersed and the swedes recovered the duchy of bremen . 
" paratrechina zanjensis " is superficially similar to " nylanderia silvula " , but can readily be distinguished from this species by its mandibular dentition ( 5 teeth in " paratrechina " , 6 in " nylanderia " ) , larger eyes , longer limbs and less strongly domed propodeum . 
she is disapproving of the girls and believes that they do n’t deserve the church ’s help . 
an estimated 65,000-68,000 attended . 
from the , 2,027 or 75.0 % were roman catholic , while 231 or 8.5 % belonged to the swiss reformed church . 
it passes over the " saugrabenviadukt " , the railway 's highest viaduct , and reaches annaberg station on the saddle . 
the population of padstow civil parish was 5,203 in the 2001 census . 
this means that there can be pairs of districts whose two proper names contain the same toponym . 
varini argues that the work exists as a whole - with its complete shape as well as the fragments . 
he was elected to the united states senate in place of pierce butler , who resigned , and served from january 31 , 1805 until his death . 
he recorded 12 completions on 28 attempts for 157 yards and two touchdowns and two interceptions . 
other notable signings include linebackers matt chatham , a former new england patriot , ex-tennessee titan brad kassell , ex-pittsburgh steeler defensive end kimo von oelhoffen , another ex-patriot wide receiver , tim dwight , ex-denver bronco defensive tackle monsanto pope , ex-buffalo bill center trey teague , and ex-arizona cardinal offensive tackle anthony clement . 
alice 's presence exceeds all expectations as she lays out her gloomy life story in front of the cameras . 
it later completed a large-scale inventory of county cemeteries , and has undertaken numerous other projects since . 
cristópolis is a municipality in the state of bahia in the north-east region of brazil . 
norman macleod ( the wicked man ) 
the by-election was held due to the resignation of the incumbent conservative mp , george clements hamilton . 
they are as follows : 
mammen style takes its name from its type object , an axe recovered from a wealthy male burial marked a mound ( bjerringhø ) at mammen , in jutland , denmark ( on the basis of dendrochronology , the wood used in construction of the grave chamber was felled in winter 970-971 ) . 
defoe recalls that he was hired by robert harley . 
hajjiabad ( , also romanized as hājjīābād and hājīābād ) is a village in hasanabad rural district , fashapuyeh district , rey county , tehran province , iran . 
she was operated under the management of wallem & co ltd , hong kong . 
nowlin graduated from ferriday high school in 1966 . 
early documents lists the portion of rainy lake east of the brule narrows as " cristinaux lake " or as " little lake . " 
it was described by chevrolat in 1835 . 
the series was filmed from november to december 2001 . 
x5 expanded into the united states in 2009 , setting up an office in the empire state building in manhattan , new york . 
" is beat pounding and harmonizing from track to track " . -- big wheel magazine 
he additionally introduces a concept of " credit " cards in chapters 9 , 10 , 11 , 13 , 25 , and 26 , but these actually function like modern debit cards . 
the three major dams in the skagit river project are ( from lower to upper ) gorge dam , diablo dam , and ross dam . 
in august 2012 , pepy conducted a needs assessment in kralanh and created a new goal ‘ to increase the percentage of kralanh students accessing skilled employment &rasprsquo; . 
in the french natural regional parks , new economic activities may be developed only if they are sustainable . 
this event was depicted in the distribution of the eagle standards , a painting by jacques-louis david . 
the original formulation of the problems . 
this also inhibited persons on the inside from exiting . 
david bach played keyboards ( later he became the first keyboard player for happy the man , and he also worked with stanley in the 80s ) . 
vedder would provide background vocals on several other songs as well . 
the route runs from an intersection with unnumbered duncan road , just west of de 41 , north of prices corner to de 100 near elsmere . 
murray ended the game with an 80-yard drive in eight plays down to alabama 's 5-yard line as he only had 1:08 left of time to work with . 
captains : hl collins ( australia ) & aer gilligan ( england ) 
he joined the fergusson college as professor of philosophy and was enrolled as life-member of the deccan education society in 1914 . 
the racial makeup of the city was 93.08 % white , 0.27 % african american , 0.27 % native american , 0.19 % asian , 0.04 % pacific islander , 5.09 % from other races , and 1.05 % from two or more races . 
there was a small graveyard to the north of the church and a paved yard to the south . 
the district 's linguistic makeup is 95.60 % finnish , 2.15 % swedish , and 2.25 % other . 
( defined in iso/iec 1539-1 : 1997 ) , 
the trains were built jointly by hitachi , kawasaki heavy industries , and nippon sharyo . 
several factors indicate significant involvement of extracellular signaling pathways such as erk1 and erk2 , which in fibroids are prominently influenced by hormones . 
the origin of the word malakar comes from sanskrit . 
promotion was secured on the final day at sincil bank with a victory over hartlepools united . 
he bought a new banjo and formed a band known as " dock boggs and his cumberland mountain entertainers " . 
the first amendment applies to article iii , sections 2 , 3 , 4 , and 7 . 
she starred in the 1930 film " sabotage " . 
we did n’t monkey around too much , just indulged in our musicalness . ” 
the abbey was relatively small and poor , with one of the lowest incomes of all staffordshire religious houses , ahead of only brewood priory . 
bree returned to ferndale after brooke fell ill and required a kidney transplant . 
alsp infrastructure software ( ais ) . 
nc 113 was established in 1930 as a primary new routing from toluca to newton . 
eventually the mother comes looking for the cub , and scare the ducks out of the cabin . 
burt 's full list of prominent families ( with those in the poem in italics ) : 
this amounts to the university losing its " critical and self reflexive role " because its main purpose is to feed the specific needs of the larger system . 
Água boa is a city in the brazilian state of minas gerais . 
the move to a larger stadium at maine road was backed by then manager ernest mangnall . 
it is tough , too , on the people of turkey and greece , who suffer under a fascist government and a decaying monarchy , supported by american dollars . 
when he returned to diving nine months later , he earned the nickname " the comeback kid " . 
during this time , douglas and damon remained adamant that they would appear in the film despite its lengthy development . 
it is the official journal of the lincoln parish school board , the parish government , sheriff 's department , and most municipalities in the coverage area . 
it forms the basis of the offensive component of their wins above replacement ( war ) metric . 
unlike all other 86 variants , the fr-s originally had no trim levels . 
professor david dabydeen has stated : " carnival is not alien to british culture . 
operations against forrest and hood september 16-november 3 . 
their aim was to " takes a broader view , and describes the need for an " enterprise architecture " that includes an emphasis on business and information requirements . 
it is a 13-story , limestone faced skyscraper which combines the commercial style with renaissance revival detailing . 
z. margate and ramsgate were declared joint winners of the isle of thanet gazette cup after the match finished 1 – 1 . 
ark linux has since been merged into the project . 
punk goes for a tornado ddt but it ’s blocked . 
four us navy ships were named for him : 
generally the most junior marine engineer of the ship , this person is usually responsible for electrical , sewage treatment ( resulting in the pejorative pun " turd engineer " ) , lube oil , bilge , and oily water separation systems . 
in the six years since , new zealand 's european population had increased by 65 % . 
in reality , the frigate disembarked under the authority of a general order which required ships that were subjected to loading delays and such but were otherwise seaworthy leave the harbor in order that they not be caught at anchor should the spanish attempt an invasion . 
it lies approximately east of raciechowice , east of myślenice , and south-east of the regional capital kraków . 
the following television and radio stations serve the kansas city metropolitan area . 
some consider it separate from " acts of nature " and being related to fate or destiny . 
the international day of radiology is the successor to the european day of radiology which was established in 2011 . 
she was part of the generación de la ruptura along with vicente rojo , francisco corzas , josé luis cuevas and others . 
member guruvayur devaswom board , nss union president 
at the end of 1399 they were travelling to visit nijmegen but , owing to a war , they were captured in brussels . 
lipnice nad sázavou is a village in the vysočina region of the czech republic . 
they also conducted military to military training in hurso and provided a security mission in the capital addis ababa . 
in the 1930s the portuguese neurologist egas moniz developed a surgical technique for the treatment of mental illness and called it " leucotomy " or " psychosurgery " . 
the jews were highly segregated , subject to long-standing anti-jewish regulations . 
on the november 20 " smackdown " , guerrero was named as a " smackdown " consultant by wwe chairman vince mcmahon . 
scottish crop research institute 
when the alp moved against the government over the carruthers and connolly-ryan inquiries , cunningham helped block a no-confidence motion in the government and , although she moved a motion against attorney-general denver beanland , insisted that she did not demand his resignation . 
the norwegian helsinki committee is a non-governmental organization founded in 1977 , working to ensure that human rights are respected in practice . 
berg , like schoenberg , employed twelve-tone technique within a late-romantic or post-romantic style ( violin concerto , which quotes a bach choral and uses classical form ) . 
organizations can also provide realistic job previews by offering internship opportunities . 
when a jacana is in flight , its yellow primary and secondary feathers are visible . 
at least three manors within the parish were recorded in the domesday book in 1086 ( avetone , heathfield and stadbury ) . 
the recent approval ( as of 2000-2009 , during the lagos and bachelet presidencies ) of many controversial projects such as large mines , dams for power generation , huge salmon farms , forestry , etc. in spite of many legal and environmental concerns , again question the ability or willingness of the chilean government to address local communities concerns ' when clashing with large corporations and perceived economic benefits . 
the list of years in poetry and list of years in literature provide snapshots of developments in poetry and literature worldwide in a given year , decade or century , and allow easy access to a wide range of wikipedia articles about movements , writers , works and developments in any timeframe . 
in " ultimate marvel vs. capcom 3 " femme fatale pack , which has been also available for free with pre-order from gamestop , morrigan received a downloadable content ( dlc ) " casual outfit " costume based on her human form from the " darkstalkers " games and the anime series . 
in august 2011 , he signed a two-year contract with bc khimki in russia . 
here the x-rays are focused to a point and the sample is mechanically scanned through the produced focal spot . 
the great burra jinker holds pride of place in market square . 
as a student run law-firm , the operations of the bureau are overseen entirely by a student board of directors elected by the general membership . 
olumba attended high school at ( lewis ) cass technical high school in detroit and is a graduate of the university of michigan with dual concentrations in economics and political science . 
it was the first established national court since liquidation of hetmanate in the 18th century . 
there is one tribe who is living in maloi ( bahrani ) . 
when the votes were counted , sunye neto had lost by 87 votes to 44 . 
several analyses have predicted that rdds will neither sicken nor kill many people . 
on her way back , her car 's tire punctures , because the ice sculpture is melting , she uses a stroller to transport the sculpture and is picked up by orson . 
the show is shot almost entirely from kyle 's point of view , and he often talks to the other characters although always from behind the camera . 
" the wimsey papers " were a series of articles published by sayers during world war ii , purporting to be letters written between the various wimseys during the war ( similar to " busman 's honeymoon " , sayers 's last completed wimsey novel , the novel 's prologue consists entirely of selections from these letters ) . 
cytomegalovirus may be the cause of retinitis , respiratory symptoms and or enteritis . 
in any case , it is only the fluoride that is directly present in the mouth ( topical treatment ) that prevents cavities . 
several major mobile operators around the world launched their own mobile advertising arms , like aircross in south korea , owned by the parents of sk telecoms the biggest mobile operator , or like d2 communications in japan , the joint venture of japan 's largest mobile operator ntt docomo and dentsu , japan 's largest ad agency . 
he was the last surviving member of the camp . 
74.1 % spoke english , 13.1 % spanish , 2.6 % tagalog and 1.8 % chinese or mandarin as their first language . 
on the chaku-uta weekly chart full it was ranked at #42 . 
power consumption due to leakage power emanates at a micro-level in transistors . 
alderisio himself resided in the gold coast for a time ; his unsuspecting neighbors were his targets . 
he was born in sosolburg . 
the show began with a parody of elvis presley 's blue christmas , sung a cappella by korey . 
matt promises mark , a virtual stranger to him , the two will enjoy a life of hunting , fishing and farming on their homestead . 
st. george 's purchased a rectory around 1929 . 
st martins is the largest romanesque basilica in the former diocese of eichstätt . 
rejecting mythological and divine explanations , he sought a single first cause or " arche " ( origin or beginning ) under which all phenomena could be explained , and concluded that this first cause was in fact moisture or water . 
by the late republic , if not earlier , women dined , reclined , and drank wine along with men . 
well-known persons who spent time or lived in halesite include comedian/singer fanny brice and scientist albert einstein . 
more than 2,000 former inhabitants ( mostly " juaneño " indians ) are buried in unmarked graves in the mission 's cemetery ( " campo santo " ) . 
the mascot of glenwood high is the " titans " . 
telangana is the largest of the three regions of andhra pradesh state , covering 41.47 % of its total area . 
beginning in the 1970s , some jazz bandleaders such as saxophonist sonny rollins and fusion bassist jaco pastorius began to substitute the electric bass guitar for the double bass . 
this is the defining philosophy of revisionist zionism . 
in the final stage of development , all citizens of all cities and towns throughout the empire were equally citizens of rome . 
duo jack and white , featuring american idol finalist brooke white recorded a cover of " telephone line " on their covers ep " undercover " digitally released in 2012 . 
canal street is a new york city subway station complex in the manhattan neighborhoods of chinatown and soho , shared by the bmt broadway line , the irt lexington avenue line and the bmt nassau street line . 
syberg , from a poor background in fåborg , first served a house painter 's apprenticeship under syrak hansen , the father of fellow artist peter hansen before attending the copenhagen technical school in 1882 where holger grønvold taught him drawing . 
the narrow field survey will provide a very high resolution , panoramic view of the landing site . 
source:-(tareekh akwam-a-poonch)by muhammad din foaq 
he made his second and final appearance for the senior national side nearly four years later on 19 june 1993 against germany . 
in his essay " elmore leonard 's ten rules of writing " he said : " my most important rule is one that sums up the 10 : if it sounds like writing , i rewrite it . " 
he was involved in 2011 – 12 italian football scandal which figc alleged him has responsibility by failing to report organized match-fixing. on 30 august 2012 his contract was terminated . 
the school of marine sciences has a library that is regarded as one of the largest marine science libraries in asia and a research vessel for coastal water studies . 
born in reading , berkshire , england , levi and matilda and their families came to the united states in 1856 — " when buchanan was king , " as they put it — along with others of their people and soon settled near troy , ohio . 
! colspan="9 " bgcolor="#b0d3fb " align="left " | 
on their date , tender and fertility ride the bus downtown , where a stranger rudely begins telling them facile jokes pointed at the creedish mass suicide . 
adam returned to britain and visited hugh of lincoln , bishop of lincoln . 
crispy tadyang is similar to the baby back ribs but made of beef and fried instead of grilled . 
one day after the season ’s conclusion , former philadelphia eagles and united states football league executive carl peterson was named the club 's president/general manager and chief operating officer on december 19 . 
the symbolic combinatorics#the flajolet – sedgewick fundamental theorem applies ( labelled case ) . 
in february 2010 , kitase said that in order to give a ps3 port of " final fantasy vii " a similar quality to " final fantasy xiii " , it " would take as much as three or four times longer than the three and a half years it has taken to put this " final fantasy " together ! 
corps are made up of two or more divisions , but now are rarely deployed as a purely national formation due to the size of the british army . 
this led her to becoming a health and fitness trainer and writer . 
at a young age , yutaka minowa took an interest in anime when he was presented with anime to study in school . 
the red wings were involved in the following transactions during the 2009 – 10 season . 
the theatre was renamed after the expulsion to " spoutané divadlo " and settled in the " rokoko theatre " in wenceslas square . 
the cargo was intact but a quantity of oil was pumped from the tanks the company 's vessel " ulmarra " , which had been ordered to the scene , was standing by , and had a tow line aboard , but her assistance was not required the dredge " tethys " from ballina also stood by . 
these include sensitive fern , highbrush blueberry , cinnamon fern , winterberry holly , various sedges , and numerous other species . 
in 1286 it was besieged by rudolf of habsburg , surrendered after two weeks and was demolished . 
" le juge-en-chef est l'urbanite meme , il est attentive comme un francais de l'ancien regime . 
the exact origins of the frito pie are unknown though there are several stories as to its beginnings . 
notwithstanding their disagreement , trenchard and churchill remained on good terms and on churchill 's 66th birthday ( 30 november 1940 ) they took lunch at chequers . 
other animals , such as fiddler crabs , advertise the size of their enlarged claw to intimidate their rivals . 
they also concluded that at lower spatial frequencies white 's illusion is still present . 
qattan was to be buried in shakoora , his home town . 
she has tried to throw blame on others as well , 
hokkaido is one of the most selective universities in japan . 
pulevski analyzed the folk histories of the slavic macedonian people , in which he concluded that slavic macedonians were ethnically linked to the people of the ancient kingdom of macedonia of philip and alexander the great based on the claim that the ancient macedonians ' language had slavic components in it and thus that the ancient macedonians were slavic , and that modern-day slavic macedonians were descendants of them . 
in the indian general election , 2014 , out of 25 seats , telugu desam party won a majority of 15 seats , while yuvajana sramika rythu congress party won 8 seats and bharatiya janata party won 2 seats . 
however , in april 18 , 2013 , on the official page of bomberman online international announced the game come back again . 
most of the knowledge of larvae is derived from a few studies and is focused on the diet of the larvae . 
1879 — george mosle townhouse ; 5 west 51st street ; new york , ny . 
temporary lath guides are then placed vertically to the wall , usually at the studs . 
plans also include a new 130 to 170-room hotel north of i-75 at henry and woodward that likely would be a third-party development . 
u.s. marine composite reconnaissance squadron one vmcj-1 golden hawks began operating the ef-10b in vietnam on 17 april 1965 under lt . 
those that did not are almost universally either isolated nomadic groups ( for whom flight is an option ) , groups of defeated refugees , or small enclaves under the protection of a larger modern state . 
in 2006 puerto rican reggaeton group pachanga covered the song on their album " recontra locos latinos " and released it as their second single . 
he was the last of the wistert brothers to play for the michigan wolverines football team where he , like his brothers francis and albert before him , wore number 11 , which was retired by the university of michigan but will be re-issued starting november 10 , 2012 before a home game against northwestern as part of the new michigan football legend program . 
the wise bridesmaids took their lamps and more oil in jars . 
not possessing a strong punch he honed a fine defense , and a powerful left hook . 
centrat municipal council contest requirements . 
the breeding habitat is usually forest that includes pine , hemlock , douglas-fir , fir , and spruce , though they are known to use other woodland habitats . 
she gives campion her brother 's diary , and tells him she believes he was smuggling contraband in the caves under the hill . 
according to michael attaleiates , admittedly a hostile source , his policies resulted in shortages in grain and inflation of its price . 
g=games played , w= won , d= drawn , l= lost , gf-ga= goals for-goals against , p = points 
the musical had pre-broadway tryouts at the shubert theatre , new haven , starting on october 13 , 1938 and then at the shubert theatre , boston , starting on october 17 , 1938 . 
the number of teams in the whil has ranged from eleven in 2005 and 2009 to fourteen in 2011 . 
his married life is often filled with trivial arguments and problems . 
it then moved to boston and took the name of one of its acquisitions , the learning company ( tlc ) . 
since 2004 , there has also been a chabad house in quito . 
nikki and danny announce to tom that they are engaged , and tom finds out that he is married to a woman named alana . 
in canada , eastern hognose snakes are considered to be a species-at-risk ( cosewic designation : threatened ) , and consequently capture or harassment of these animals , including their captive trade , is illegal . 
the biological basis of personality is the theory that anatomical structures located in the brain contribute to personality traits . 
" wil(l) ful " , " skil(l) ful " , " thral(l) dom " , " appal(l) " , " fulfil(l) " , " fulfil(l) ment " , " enrol(l) ment " , " instal(l) ment " . 
in the first round , he recorded two goals and two assists to help colorado college defeat the reigning ncaa champion and #1-seeded boston college 8-4 . 
library information services ciit lahore ( library.ciitlahore.edu.pk ) 
on 1 july 1971 , she was reassigned to duty as a naval reserve training ship . 
leigh was also engaged in a violent feud with her rival tilly devine , a sydney madam based in woolloomooloo that lasted for 20 years . 
where cr and qr are the phase velocity c(w) and the q(w) value , respectively , at an arbitrary reference frequency . 
in 2011 guizhentang attempted to list on hong kong 's alternative stock market , the growth enterprise market . 
he used local peat sequences combined with varve dating to produce a regional climatic chronology for scandinavia . 
smyrna airport is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of smyrna , in kent county , delaware , united states . 
according to dennis holt ( 1999 ) , pech is spoken by perhaps around 600 people in olancho department and colón department of honduras . 
however , the complex sat vacant for many years until the adam 's mark hotel chain purchased and redeveloped all three towers of the complex into one large hotel in 1998 . 
his later films included " diamond skulls " ( 1989 ) , " four weddings and a funeral " ( 1994 ) , " the madness of king george " ( 1994 ) , " the innocent sleep " ( 1996 ) and " stardust " ( 2007 ) . 
&raspsquo; udp glucuronosyltransferase 2 family , polypeptide a2 , also known as ugt2a2 , is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the " ugt2a2 " gene . 
he promises to look after nicole after roman is sent to prison . 
since then she has appeared in many national commercials . 
he scored in his second appearance for the under-19s against azerbaijan on 20 october 2008 and scored two more against san marino a couple of days later . 
clark 's great idol was the famous dancer nijinsky and his love of dance inspired his clothes to be free moving and not to restrict the female form . 
his first wife &raspsquo; alilia funakitoutai bore him 4 children ; 
the city of nederland manages six parks located throughout the city . 
on the day in 1998 that upper deck cut buice his final check , the company threw a party at its carlsbad , california , headquarters . 
on august 9 , sejean came into play for the first time during the 4th quarter , he managed during his time veneer 2 game . 
according to his obituary in the 1953 edition of wisden , newton started playing for somerset in 1880 , and his final appearance for the side was 35 seasons later in 1914 . 
shane cullen etched this last message to nancy o'rahilly into his limestone and bronze memorial sculpture to the o'rahilly . 
other phonemes occur natively only in limited contexts , i.e. only in few interjections , , , and rarely initially , and only morpheme-final . 
a strong remainder of the season ( including a win at laguna seca , one of the few tracks on the schedule that he knew ) saw him beat aaron slight to 2nd overall . 
aberconwy ( uk parliament constituency ) 
the unusual structure was inspired by the success of the composer 's earlier variations for cello and orchestra ( 1966 ) . 
the largest community in this region is nain . 
belts are another major accessory that utilize ostrich leather ( most ostrich boots are purchased with a matching ostrich belt ) . 
vítor manuel martins baía , oih ( born 15 october 1969 ) , is a portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper . 
in three seasons on michigan 's varsity basketball team , neer scored 456 points and recorded 64 blocks . 
mirror-sulu and mirror-chekov travel to vulcan ( aboard kruge 's klingon bird-of-prey , captured by kirk during " star trek iii " and confiscated by styles when taking custody of the " enterprise " survivors ) to find spock , still recovering from the " fal-tor-pan " ritual on vulcan . 
raphael lemkin , the scholar/activist who coined the term genocide and worked tirelessly for its criminalization in international law , taught at rutgers-newark in the 1950s , creating a tradition of interest in genocide , conflict resolution . 
its strategy for safety depends on using the many eyes and ears of the group . 
january 10 , 2004 ) , an american actor , screenwriter and playwright , released " gray 's anatomy " , a film monologue describing his experiences dealing with a macular pucker and his decision to undergo surgery . 
however , because of the panthers ' losses to both schools , they were not eligible for the conference 's bid to a bcs bowl game . 
he was an unused substitute in the league cup fourth round tie against blackburn rovers in september 2007 in unusual circumstances . 
the supreme court , by a unanimous 9-0 vote , reversed and remanded the ninth circuit 's ruling on the grounds that the flow of water from an improved portion of a navigable waterway into an unimproved portion of the same waterway does not qualify as a " discharge of a pollutant " under the clean water act . 
in this way ferro-sulfide was formed , that would evaporate with all the fumes . 
geyve region has been inhabited by phrygians , hitites , lydians , romans , armenians , byzantines , turks and many other civilizations since prehistoric times . 
here are the notations : 
thinking that their officers had surrendered the ship , the remaining spanish seamen stopped fighting . 
desperate but optimistic , woody calls gorgeous gal and hears a sultry voice on the other end of the phone . 
the single track from barnt green , restricts the number of trains that can run to redditch to two per hour . 
a third manga , titled " little busters ! " and illustrated by nobuyuki takagi , was serialized in " dengeki g 's festival ! 
hogan was a professor at the university of colorado at boulder and the university of oklahoma . 
• power factor : > 0.99 @ 30 w output power 
the color composition is then blocked in using diluted acrylics . 
these antibodies can be used for a variety of analytical and preparative techniques . 
he was a vietnam war veteran who was awarded the bronze star medal for valor in 1966 , serving as a first lieutenant in the fifth air cavalry . 
in reviewing the globe theatre 's 2007 production of " romeo and juliet " as its first-ever tour , susan elkin of " the stage " noted that " ellie piercy 's juliet has just the right blend of wide-eyed , high-voice , pubescent passion degenerating into fear , fury and , finally , dignified determination . 
there were 45 or 34.6 % who were born in the same canton , while 17 or 13.1 % were born somewhere else in switzerland , and 11 or 8.5 % were born outside of switzerland . 
as a major , balao served as donald blackburn 's inspector general for his guerrilla force . 
in the 1970s charles g. widdén was rediscovered in his native country and in the united states . 
in the end stena and sf line reached an agreement where the " turella " , which was in better condition and easier to convert for the traffic stena planned her for , was sold instead of " rosella " . 
governor stevens ignored federal government instructions to stick to sorting out the areas where natives and settlers were immediately adjacent to one another or where settlers moved in on native places , and tried to settle native issues for the territory . 
it has expanded to an estimated radius of about 48 times the radius of the sun and is emitting 980 times the sun 's luminosity . 
betdaq is the second largest betting exchange and accounts for 7 % of the betting exchange market . 
they were replaced by lochee harp , who were relegated . 
with the novel ’s debut , " publishers weekly " ( pw ) magazine deemed sanchez a “ flying start ” . 
he was married to a woman named margaret . 
the reflectivity on individual ppi angles show the precipitation intensity at that specific angle above the horizon . 
by 1794 a canal connected romsey to redbridge — at the mouth of the river test — and andover to the north but within 50 years had largely fallen into disuse . 
the official name was the consultation , non-aggression and arbitration pact . 
he or she is responsible for the prosecution of offenses to the constitution and prescribed laws called hawaii revised statutes . 
this discovery halted the auburn dam project because of fears that constructing a dam and lake would cause a reservoir-induced earthquake which could lead to a dam 's collapse , with catastrophic consequences for the city of sacramento lying directly below . 
music critic raymond ericson made this comment in " the new york times " , published on february 19 , 1976 : 
he currently plays for mexican outfit estudiantes tecos . 
with a minute remaining in the opening round , jacobs knocked watson down with a right hand . 
as of 2012 , the airport handles 13.5 million passengers annually and about 325 aircraft movements a day . 
coffee is the highest foreign exchange earner for papua new guinea , the majority of which is grown in the eastern highland province , the western highland province , and simbu . 
it is the first single since 1996's " enamorada " to be co-written by paulina . 
1 : " the new kid in the class " ( september 8 , 1990 ) 
in mid-1926 , italy set to work to extend its political influence in albania , asking tirana to recognize rome 's special interest in albania and accept italian instructors in the army and police . 
once the fiberglass boat has ascended the first lift hill , riders are only off the ground . 
the knights have had one of the better college rugby programs in florida in recent years . 
having served formerly as a cafeteria and student center , it is now a dual-use computer lab and study area which is open nearly 24 hours . 
despite the american english phoneme limitation , an unofficial version with multilingual speech synthesis was developed . 
he received a ba degree in ethnomusicology from tbilisi state conservatory in 1978 . 
unlike with some other chanting traditions , prostopinije remained a primarily aural , unwritten tradition for the major part of its history . 
this social structure was characterized both by syncretising with the native cultures of northern india , but also eventually by the excluding of indigenous peoples by labelling their occupations impure . 
when african-brazilian slaves were freed , the failure to fully integrate them into the economy led to them begging to work for food and shelter . 
the field is divided into five leases , with three in the state tidelands zone , and two in the federal outer continental shelf ( ocs ) zone . 
the issue of women 's right to academic education is central to the book 's plot . 
len garbett 's marriage to susan liversidge ( birth registered ) during july→september in pontefract district ) was registered during july→september 1942 in pontefract district . 
nikhil banerjee is revered for his mastery in both melodic and rhythmic aspects of indian music . 
this enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways : synthesis and degradation of ketone bodies , valine , leucine and isoleucine degradation , and butanoate metabolism . 
there is also a sizable cattle herd and the raising of poultry has increased in recent years . 
the commission published a substantial review of the background of the riots , the riots themselves , and their aftermath , together with original work and investigation into the relations between and perceptions of the black and white communities in chicago . 
there are two types of incorporated municipalities in maine , towns and cities . 
the commercial crew development ( ccdev ) program was initiated in 2010 with the purpose of creating commercially operated manned spacecraft capable of delivering at least four crew members to the iss , to stay docked for 180 days and then return them to earth . 
the ras ir-raħeb coastline forms part of the rdum majjiesa to ras ir-raħeb marine protected area , the first marine area to be protected in malta , in 2005 . 
davis received an mbe in the 2004 queen 's birthday honours list for &raspsquo; services to forestry &raspsquo; . 
the animal has one large eye that is usually black or red . 
1992 ssl champs . 
just before hindon station , the railway tracks share a combined road-rail bridge with hindon road , a local backroad . 
he argued that " nothing " cannot exist by the following line of reasoning : to speak of a thing , one has to speak of a thing that exists . 
the presence of strong wind shear surrounding the tropical cyclone facilitated the development of strong tornadoes , including the greatest number of tornadoes of at least f2 intensity within one 24-hour period in florida . 
they returned in 1970 to arlington . 
in 1989 , he helped palace win promotion to the first division after beating blackburn rovers in the play-offs . 
the band names several punk bands as influential - old school ( black flag , minor threat ) and new school ( pennywise , strike anywhere ) . 
the falls are located approximately east of killarney , north of the queensland/new south wales border . 
diesel and his girlfriend , mexican model paloma jimenez , have two children : daughter hania riley ( born 2008 ) , and son vincent ( born 2010 ) . 
the third zone of interpersonal space is called social distance and is the area that ranges from four to eight feet away from you . 
al-kamil agreed to an eight-year peace agreement with europe and to return a piece of the true cross . 
the show was hosted by hannes võrno and ran for six seasons , from 2002 to 2008 . 
both her parents are professional ballet dancers , but she claims that when she was younger she hated dancing and strongly disliked going to the studio with her parents and seeing tutus . 
the first train line to romanshorn was finished in 1871 , and the second to etzwilen in 1875 . 
he is a substantial shareholder and chairman of deep tek ltd a company with developed technology to enable operations in deep and ultra deep waters in the oil and gas sectors and in scientific exploration . 
the icm is a company limited by guarantee and its goal is to raise the professional standards operating in credit management , and to increase awareness of its importance as a management tool . 
during his imprisonment , he had access to pen and paper and he composed religious psalms in latin . 
the record was held by scott aldred ( a former tiger , coincidentally ) , who made 48 appearances for the 1998 tampa bay devil rays while accomplishing this feat . 
the france men 's national water polo team is the representative for france in international men 's water polo . 
in 1840 , mädler was appointed director of the dorpat ( tartu ) observatory in estonia , succeeding friedrich wilhelm struve who had moved to pulkovo observatory . 
of springsteen 's work , weinberg felt " that i would never get to play these songs again . " 
he tells the court that fiz lied during the initial stages of the police enquiry , claiming she knew nothing of john 's identity theft and that she never met joy fishwick . 
den helder continues to be the navy 's main base today . 
the department of defense published the dates captives departed from guantanamo on 26 november 2008 . 
shankar will be caught by his boss , who is the real murderer of his parents . 
fabric shortest path first ( fspf ) is a routing protocol used in fibre channel networks . 
the main route goes from the gvz ( güterverkehrszentrum , " goods logistics center " ) in friedrichstadt via postplatz ( " post office square " ) and grunaer straße ( " gruna street " ) to the straßburger platz ( " strasbourg square " ) and finally into the factory . 
in the united kingdom , coverage of the 2014 season is split between three broadcasters . 
the miankhels of dera ismail khan subsequently forced sarwanis to leave that place . 
however , he did not feature in any of their premier league or league cup games and was subsequently loaned out again to parma for the rest of the season . 
he was part of his state 's inaugural carnival team at melbourne in 1908 and retired from the game after the 1909 season . 
mistress newblock 's servant brings tailby a letter and a new beaver hat . 
his permanent secretary was alternate chairman . 
he posted 66 tackles , two interceptions , 10 passes defensed , a sack and two fumble recoveries on the year , while also contributing 11 stops on special teams . 
the trainsets were retired in 1982 and later scrapped at naporano iron and metal in new jersey . 
by a 9 – 3 margin , the majority of jurors supported acquittal for spivey , and the hung jury caused a mistrial . 
the credited cast consisted of lake bell , rob corddry , erinn hayes , rob huebel , ken marino , and megan mullally . 
in a specific area local tour guides may be added . 
richard chapman weldon ( january 19 , 1849 – november 26 , 1925 ) was a canadian professor , lawyer and political figure in nova scotia and new brunswick . 
in the 1920s and early 1930s much of the sand was excavated as an archaeological dig . 
a few days after writing this , fuller , ossoli , and their child began a five-week return voyage to the united states aboard the ship " elizabeth " , an american merchant freighter carrying cargo that included mostly marble from carrara . 
hot conditions prevail year-round along with winter rainfalls . 
it is housed in greenville , south carolina , at the special collections and archives department of the james b. duke library . 
on flight day three , the first eva would have been performed . 
an azurophil is an object readily stained with an azure stain . 
the new party ( turkish : " yeni parti " ) is a political party in northern cyprus . 
here too eberle gave evening sessions on the composition of christian themes . 
the head of mall security , ronald " ronnie " barnhardt ( seth rogen ) , makes it his mission to apprehend the offender . 
traditionally , this quay was used to honour distinguished ships by putting them into view from the merchant harbour . 
the town also has an indoor market in the town hall every wednesday 
both projection pursuit regression and neural networks models project the input vector onto a one-dimensional hyperplane and then apply a nonlinear transformation of the input variables that are then added in a linear fashion . 
zhang xuecheng ( ; 1738 – 1801 ) was a qing dynasty historian , writer and philosopher . 
john ford considered both katharine hepburn and jennifer jones for the role of dr. cartwright , and rosalind russell lobbied for the part , but eventually patricia neal was cast . 
it is bordered by the a19 and a1237 , and lies about north-west of york between skelton and clifton without . 
he also showed how to resection , or calculate , the position of a point inside a triangle using the angles cast between the vertices at the unknown point . 
birkenau in the odenwald is a community in the bergstraße district in southern hesse , germany . 
he received a silver medal with the polish team at the 2007 world men 's handball championship and a bronze medal at the 2009 world men 's handball championship in croatia . 
instead of struggling against mazda himself , angra mainyu battles spenta mainyu , mazda 's &raspsquo; creative emanation . &raspsquo; 
however , according to sasami 's narration , that was only one possible future . 
however , as they were preparing to return to virginia in march 1617 , rebecca became ill and died . 
on july 1 , 2014 , he signed a two-year $ 8.5 million contract with the florida panthers . 
in 2012 , the cougars were ranked during the season for the first time since the 1980s , finished second in the mvc in both the regular season and the conference tournament ( both to ncaa semifinalist creighton ) , and narrowly missed returning to the division i tournament for the first time since 1982 . 
she is the 2015 recipient of the francis p. garvan-john m. olin medal of the american chemical society . 
this was altered in 2011 when a new central london sub region was created , now including the city of london and excluding wandsworth . 
the group also contains the well-known spiral galaxy messier 81 and the well-known starburst galaxy messier 82 . 
for a throwing motion when the throwing limb is diagonally abducted and laterally rotated then the rib cage and pelvis should be at their farthest distance apart , which allows for a maximal amount of stretch in the muscles involved in the serape effect . 
when the state 's congressional districts were redrawn in 2012 , costello opted to run in the newly-created 6th district , which stretched along the east coast of the state , including flagler county , southern putnam county , st. johns county , and northern volusia county . 
the 137th field artillery battalion is a field artillery battalion of the army national guard . 
becky hammon of rapid city plays for the wnba 's san antonio silver stars . 
the album 's first single " stingwray " was released and made available on the band 's myspace page on february 17 , 2009 . 
as a young lad he played for stalybridge celtic , and was later picked up by the tameside centre of excellence . 
prior to these he director of the centre for cancer research and cell biology at the university . 
the shanghai restoration project is a contemporary electronic music group formed by chinese american producer , dave liang . 
those assets were returned in the 1980s with the change of govwernment in the country . 
the athletes competes in three disciplines : lead , bouldering and speed . 
no club from the baltic won a game in the national championship in this era . 
these include instances in which the united states fought in the philippine-american war from 1898 – 1903 , in nicaragua in 1927 , as well as the nato bombing campaign of yugoslavia in 1999 . 
both end up fighting over it , which drags on until the callback is held . 
the human brain evolved into 3 basic parts , 1 ) the lizard brain regulates autonomous functions that supply basic needs 2 ) the cat brain that supplies basic human needs 3 ) the cortex is the human part of the brain that provides complex human reasoning skills that humans possess . 
he paid $ 87 for land on the south side of bayou queue de tortue , in what is now vermilion parish , described as " fifty arpents front by the ordinary depth " of 40 arpents . 
tullimaar was occupied by american troops during the latter part of world war ii and u.s. general dwight d. eisenhower stayed at the house for two weeks in the run-up to d-day in 1944 . 
though hezbollah denied it for a time this included direct military support . 
several of mt pleasant 's pioneer families were to lose sons in the great war , like william polden who is now buried in the lone pine cemetery , gallipoli . 
peking university is the first formally established modern national university of china . 
he set up an ambush for terrorists and ordered the team : 
the album produced two top twenty quebec singles in " ce n'était qu'un rêve " and " la voix du bon dieu " which peaked at number fourteen and eleven , respectively . 
aymeric chauprade co-organized with jacques frémeaux and philippe evanno in february 2013 a conference at the sorbonne ( university of paris iv ) , on htreats in north africa and in the sahel and overall security of europe : " menaces en afrique du nord et au sahel et sécurité globale de l'europe " , the proceedings of which were published in april 2013 at " ellipses editions " . 
an ambulance is called . 
some of the luba settled in the region , and the people around kalemie were subject to the luba in the following reigns of kumwimbe ngombe and ilunga kabale . 
her plans were the basis of other brigs of that time . 
as one of russia 's first privately owned banks , menatep expanded quickly , by using most of the deposits raised to finance khodorkovsky 's successful import-export operations . 
on the basis of the text of a letter he wrote on may 16 , 1970 , frederic rzewski wrote a musical composition , " coming together " . 
hitler established a reich ministry in 1933 to ensure that the nazi message was communicated freely by all means ; it was headed by joseph goebbels . 
fc ak is a south african football club from the west rand , johannesburg which was established in 2006 and currently plays in the national first division . 
for centuries , legends have been created about this mythic mountain range . 
the main temple of this small town is madurai kali amman , and the main festival in march is worth visiting and watching . 
he currently continues to shuffle between carving a niche for himself and recording a different kind of music , " i am trying to bring more contents into the nigerian music industry " . 
narrative logic is a tool through which the audience may create events and explanations or otherwise elucidate details not included in the narrative . 
bazama ; 3 tubu . 
today 's north street is part of a rejuvenated north end and all of boston 's red-light district is limited to a few bookstores and two strip clubs on kneeland street , part of the now defunct " combat zone " . 
the 2008 american samoa gubernatorial election took place on november 4 , 2008 . 
the north korea sanctions enforcement act of 2013 was introduced into the united states house of representatives on april 26 , 2013 by rep. edward r. royce ( r , ca-39 ) . 